Telewizja Polska invites you to the presidential debate, where 13 candidates for the highest office in the country will face off in the studio on Woronicza Street. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. We warmly welcome you to the pre-election presidential debate organized by three television stations at the TVP studio on Woronicza Street in Warsaw. Dorota Wysocka-Szep, Telewizja Polska. Piotr Witwicki, Polsat News and Interia. Radomir Wit, TVN24. Welcome. All candidates participating in the 2025 presidential election are taking part in the debate. We present them to you in the order determined by drawing lots. Krzysztof Stanowski. Joanna Seszyn. Good morning, dear ones. Marek Woch. Good evening. Marek Jakubiak. I bow. Artur Bartoszewicz. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Magdalena Biejat. Good evening. Karol Nawrocki, good evening. Rafał Trzaskowski. Good evening to you all. Szymon Hołownia, good evening. Maciej Maciak, a warm welcome. Adrian Zenberg, good evening. Grzegorz Braun, may God bless you. Sławomir Mentzen. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. And now, ladies and gentlemen, these are the rules that will apply during today's debate. The debate has two thematic blocks: domestic politics and foreign policy. Each of the three journalists will ask one identical question to all candidates in both thematic blocks. Question time: 20 seconds. Answer time: 1 minute. In each thematic block, after answering the journalists' questions, candidates will be able to ask one question to one of their opponents. Question time: 20 seconds. Answer time: 1 minute. Rebuttal time: 20 seconds. The next point of the debate is the round of mutual questions. Each candidate will be able to ask two chosen candidates one question each. Question time: 20 seconds. Answer time: 1 minute. Rebuttal time: 20 seconds. At the end of the debate, each candidate has one minute and 30 seconds for a so-called free statement. The end of time for each question and statement will be signaled by a gong. All campaign teams participated in drawing the order of appearances and the order of answering questions. And it was the representatives of the campaign teams, ladies and gentlemen, who drew the order. All campaign teams also signed the drawing protocol, thereby confirming its fairness. So, let's begin then. And we begin with domestic politics. Each candidate receives the same question and has one minute to answer. And the first question is asked by Piotr Witwicki. It is worth mentioning here that the order of answers was also drawn, and Szymon Hołownia will be the first to answer. But now to the question. Poles often say that the president should be a statesman, and a statesman must be able to make the most difficult decisions. Do you have programme points that are not very popular today, but which you are ready to implement even against poll results, because you believe it is in our national interest? Szymon Hołownia. The most important thing today, of course, is the security of Polish women and men. And here there can be absolutely no compromises with those who are trying to undermine national security for political gain. I don't think anyone needs convincing of that. The law banning smartphones in primary schools is already meeting with resistance from many circles, including the Ministry of Education, but regardless of polls and support, I intend to table it as president and find a majority for it, because it is about the safety of our children. I also declare that, unlike some of my predecessors, I will never pardon a politician. Regardless of whether it is a politician from my party or the opposing one, the president should be the guardian of the rule of law, the guarantor of the unity of Polish society. I believe that if you choose to entrust me with these missions, you will be able to feel calm and secure with our values. Now Maciej Maciak. Ladies and gentlemen, just now, the rotating Marshal [of the Sejm] made many contradictory statements. It was he who initiated a witch hunt against me, an ordinary citizen. Do not believe that such people will be able to properly apply clemency as presidents, for example. Mistakes and judicial errors happen. The Marshal says that he will treat ordinary people well, but politicians badly. And he himself, almost at the head of this political class, created a witch hunt that de facto harms the interests of our country and its citizens. We must have very good relations with all heads of state. These heads were chosen by their nations, and we must respect that. Besides, these are UN regulations. My opponents have proven that they are not worthy. Now Marek Woch. Ladies and gentlemen, 22 years ago, left-wing politicians passed the NFZ law. The left-wing president signed it. 21 years ago, the Constitutional Tribunal ruled that it was a pathological and unconstitutional institution. None of the teams so far have changed this. The question of why this is up for discussion for the future president, why there is such political resistance and why this is unpopular, shows that politicians do not want to change it. So, liquidation of the NFZ, ZUS amnesty. Ladies and gentlemen, hundreds of thousands of entrepreneurs are being pursued by debt collectors today because they owe 1000 zlotys. Everything is going into the grey economy. ZUS costs 2600 for a single ineffective procedure. ZUS should be abolished for entrepreneurs. Seniority pensions have been promised by politicians for 10 years; there are several bills in the Sejm, but nothing is happening. There was not supposed to be a freezer, ladies and gentlemen. And finally, the President of the Republic of Poland, I hope you will elect me. There will be respect for working-class groups in our country. Thank you. Now Sławomir Mentzen. Ladies and gentlemen, one of the most important topics for Poland and Poles is our healthcare. It concerns our lives, it concerns our health. The current inefficient, dilapidated healthcare system dates back to 2003. Politicians from both PiS and Platforma were afraid to touch it. They were afraid to carry out any reform precisely for fear of society's reaction. But this is such an important matter that it simply must be done. We must, of course, introduce competing health insurance funds, so that competition forces the highest quality of services. These types of systems are the most effective, the most innovative, and it simply has to be done. And I know that many may not like it, because they are used to the NFZ, but the NFZ is not working well. It is getting worse every year. Waiting lists for doctors are only getting longer. More and more hospital departments are being closed. This system has simply gone bankrupt and needs to be changed. Politicians must have the courage to finally, after 20 years, carry out a real reform of the NFZ, and introduce competition among Health Insurance Funds. Thank you. To remind you of the question, do you have any points in your program that are not very popular today, but you are ready to implement them because you believe that the Polish raison d'état simply requires it? And now Rafał Trzaskowski. The most important thing in politics is honesty, and politicians should pursue people's matters, not their own. These past few days, unfortunately, have shown that at least one of the candidates should consider whether he has the moral right to seek the highest office in the Republic. The most important issues to address are, of course, security. 5% of GDP for security is an absolutely fundamental issue and controversial for some, although for me it is clear that we must spend more money on security. There are also matters that President Duda vetoed, such as the Silesian language or the morning-after pill, or finally, a very important matter for us, namely that women should decide about their lives and health. If these laws come to me again, I will sign them, and if not, I will propose my own solutions in this regard. Well, you even used the time faster. And now Krzysztof Stanowski. I am very glad to finally be in this temple of propaganda, and I am very glad to see the high priestess of propaganda before me. Although I thought you would burn with shame after most of the election committees protested against your presence during the debate, but apparently I expected too much, and some people do not burn with shame. Well, this is not the first time in history that a person like Ms. Sznef is interrogating Poles. I hope we all leave here safe and sound. But it's good that you are here, because you are a true symbol of what is happening with Polish media, what happened before, and what is still happening: that it is not pure water, but the same sewage as before, that the president of TVP today is a man who managed Rafał Trzaskowski's bus company, that your husband is waiting for an ambassadorial nomination from the new president. We guess who it is. This is not objectivity. This is not objectivity. You shouldn't be here. I had to say this on behalf of all the campaign teams that expressed their opposition. Thank you. Now Marek Jakubiak. Ladies and gentlemen, well, first I must congratulate, because Jacek Kurski built a beautiful studio here, which we are using today. I congratulate the aesthetics and ingenuity very much. However, regarding difficult matters, because we spoke here about a trusted person, we spoke about who the president is, who the president should be, and we learn that candidates have such ideas as, for example, not bringing smartphones to school. I would propose to also include not bringing lipsticks in backpacks to this project. It will certainly be worthy of a president. As for honesty, I want to say that Mr. Trzaskowski's statement that he will sign the law on the Silesian language is supporting separatist movements in Poland. If you don't know, I'm telling you. That's what it's about, really. However, when it comes to difficult matters, ladies and gentlemen. NFZ, CIT, county employment offices, reform of the Polish state and savings, savings on the state. Thank you. Now Grzegorz Braun. Ladies and gentlemen, credibility is paramount. Those who today in the election campaign promise you this or that, those of you who have had the chance to get to know me, to hear about me, not necessarily good things, know one thing. I can stand alone against everyone. I can fight for the Polish national interest and stand on the ground of Polish raison d'état, even if polls and mainstream media do not support me. Even if I am speaking live on this television for the first time in years, I maintain credibility in pandemic, immigration, war, and European matters. This is Poland. Poland for Poles, and let it remain so. I will now remind you of the question. Do you have any points in your program that are not very popular today, perhaps in polls, but you are ready to implement them even against poll results, because you believe that this is simply our national interest? And now Artur Bartoszewicz begins this round. I will not implement anything against the sovereign. I will always be the sovereign. That is why I advocate for direct democracy. Direct democracy that will allow all of us to make decisions. It is together in referendums that we will decide what is most important to us. It is together in threshold-free referendums, in referendums that will be binding for those in power, that we will decide what kind of Poland we want. It is together that we will decide on all social, economic, and political solutions. We will not have to listen to politicians who promise us everything but deliver nothing. Ladies and gentlemen, it is together that we will reduce the Council of Ministers to 33 people, not 140, 33 including the Prime Minister. It is together that we will ensure that state budget subsidies for political parties disappear. It is together that we will prohibit families and members of political parties from working in state-owned companies. Adrian Zamberg. Ladies and gentlemen, we have a housing problem to solve in Poland. Today, a significant portion of young people who work hard cannot afford their own roof over their heads. This is largely because PiS and Platforma successively pumped money into the system of credit subsidies, subsidies that ultimately land in the accounts of development companies. If you look at the Sejm, you will see that these two large parties support this solution. Also, of course, because developers pay them money, but also because there are some people in Poland who still believe that this system has a chance to work. I am convinced that subsidies do not work, that subsidies only inflate housing prices, and therefore I will veto any attempts to introduce subsidies for developers in Poland. I believe that we should focus on social housing, allocating 1% of Polish GDP to social housing, to finally solve the housing problem. There's still a little time left, but I think you can start now. Magdalena Biejat. Ladies and gentlemen, the program I offer is popular among Poles because it concerns their daily lives, but that does not mean there are no groups who dislike it. And so, the housing problem is a serious one. I have an offer for those who cannot afford housing today, neither to rent on the private market nor to buy an apartment. This is, of course, a fight to ensure that as much money as possible goes to subsidies for local governments to build rental housing. But I started my campaign with an offer for those who would like to buy such an apartment. This means lowering mortgage interest rates by reducing bank profits on these loans. This can be done with one law. When I proposed this solution, bankers and those who cooperate with them responded. I heard an avalanche of comments that it was impossible to do. But, ladies and gentlemen, I will not be afraid of banks or developers, and I will always stand by your side when it comes to ensuring you have a roof over your head. Joanna Szeszyna. Yes. Ladies and gentlemen, I will, of course, be a stateswoman, not a statesman, because feminatives are very important. I will oppose all laws that are passed solely in the interest of the parties, not society and Poland. First and foremost, Polish women and men have been persuaded that 5% of GDP must be spent on defense. These are enormous, almost unimaginable sums of money. It is already clear to the naked eye that there will be no war. The Russians have almost stopped occupying new territories in Ukraine. There will be peace talks soon. These 90 billion zlotys, between 3.5% and 5%, can be allocated to healthcare and construction. Unlike my predecessors, I will allocate 30 billion of these funds to residential construction instead of the so-called defense of our borders. Karol Nawrocki, a political recidivist in lying, began with moral judgments, and I will simply answer your question. First, against the polls, I will become the president of Poland, because polls do not determine who will be the president of Poland, and I will not look at them as the future president. I made difficult decisions as the director of the Museum of the Second World War when Rafał Trzaskowski's circles laughed that there were no Polish heroes at Westerplatte. I found and buried them. I made difficult decisions liquidating objects of Soviet propaganda, despite being persecuted by the Russian Federation today. I will be such a president. I will ensure your safety. I will not send Polish soldiers to Ukraine, regardless of public opinion polls. I will build a Polish-American Alliance and I will not agree to the construction of NATO bis of the European Union, regardless of the polls. Thank you for all your answers. You heard the question, it was open, but there were also courageous answers. I remind you that according to the rules of this debate, because it is already swarming with gadgets, they are not allowed. All the teams agreed to this. I also mention for the future that mobile phones are not allowed. Well, time. The second question. Therefore, ladies and gentlemen, Poland is depopulating dramatically. In 75 years, there may be fewer than 20 million of us. At the same time, studies show that Polish women are giving up motherhood because they fear anti-abortion law that threatens their lives. Thus, the demographic catastrophe is closely linked to this law. What do you, sir or madam, want to do to change this? Szymon Hołownia answers first. For over twenty years, or even longer, all politicians have thrown the topic of abortion and women's safety back and forth in consecutive campaigns, and they do nothing concrete about it. I hope that the Third Way bill, currently frozen in the parliamentary committee, which restores the situation to before the infamous ruling by Julia Przyłębska and her Tribunal, and the Left's decriminalization bill, will reach the Sejm as soon as possible so we can vote on them. As for solving this issue, ultimately, only a referendum will suffice. Politicians, the political class, have shown that they do not care about Polish women and men. The voice should be given to the nation, to society, where over half are women, not just 30% as in the Sejm. But that does not exhaust the topic, because Polish women will give birth to children when they can ask for epidurals during childbirth and it will not be an extravagance, when children can count on a home, when they can count on a nursery, on transport to return to work or to go to school, to a place where they will want to live their lives. If we are to reverse the demographic catastrophe, we must change Poland, not just one law. That was Szymon Hołownia, and now Mr. Maciej Maciak. Please. Ladies and gentlemen, if we have a lower birth rate, then do not doubt for a moment that someone wants it to be that way. Once upon a time, when many children were born, and not only in Poland, if something happened to one of those children, it was simply a tragedy in the family. Today, it's a prosecutor. Everyone therefore calculates how I am supposed to take care of this child. They quickly come to a simple conclusion: I need money, I need a nanny, I need a separate room, and so on and so forth. This money is not available, because many of my opponents extract this money through excessive taxes for nonsense or for war equipment purchased abroad. We need to change the law, put an end to this prosecutor. This is already a sufficient tragedy in the family, as well as reduce the extraction of money from us, because we will all leave this place, and these children will be born, but outside the borders of our country. And now Mr. Marek Woch responds. Ladies and gentlemen, society is burdened with ZUS and NFZ contributions. There is no political will to simply do something about it. And, ladies and gentlemen, the Social Security Institution, which is designed to incapacitate society, when an employer hires a woman, there are tens of thousands of such situations per month, it sends letters to the employer, ladies and gentlemen, to the employees and asks why the employer hired a woman who became pregnant. But why? It asks, because she applied for sick leave, which was supposed to be abolished by the December 13th coalition. Nothing came of it. 15 billion is paid by entrepreneurs for benefits. Several questions asked by ZUS. A dozen questions, ladies and gentlemen. Why did the employer hire her and why did the woman get pregnant? And the left-wing government does this, because the Minister of Social Policy is from the left. For what period was the contract concluded? Is there a factual, economic need to conclude the contract? Ladies and gentlemen, is she a wife or not a wife? Ladies and gentlemen, are there witnesses who can confirm that she worked? Yes, we will never have children. And now it's time for Mr. Sławomir Mentzen's statement. I haven't heard such utter nonsense in a long time, that Polish women don't want to have children just because they can't kill them afterwards. This is obviously untrue. Other reasons you give for why Polish women don't have children are also untrue. There are many countries where access to housing, schools, nurseries, and medical care is much better than in Poland, but the demographics there are not better at all. The problem is cultural. Polish women don't have children simply because, for various reasons, they don't want to. One of these reasons is precisely the propaganda you just experienced here. Presenting motherhood to Polish women as some great tragedy, presenting large families as pathological families. The truth is that motherhood is beautiful. Every gift of new life is beautiful. Fatherhood is also beautiful, and every child is simply a great gift. If media outlets such as the unfortunately public television in liquidation, TVN, Newsweek, Gazeta Wyborcza, would occasionally publish an article about how motherhood is truly beautiful, how one can fulfill oneself in this way, there would be more children in Poland. But unfortunately, you constantly present propaganda against having children. So I will repeat the question. Poland is depopulating dramatically, and at the same time, studies conducted 2 years after the ruling of Julia Przyłębska's Constitutional Tribunal showed that over half of Polish women are giving up motherhood precisely due to fear of restrictive anti-abortion law that threatens the lives of Polish women. The question is, what do you intend to do about this problem, and Rafał Trzaskowski will answer now. Of course, motherhood and fatherhood are beautiful, but it is true that women must first feel safe. If they do not decide about their lives and health, they will not feel safe. I myself had exactly such a case in my family, and perhaps I would not have had a second child if this medieval anti-abortion law were in force, and it simply needs to be changed immediately. Women must be guaranteed safety. Free nurseries, which I introduced in Warsaw, are now becoming standard throughout Poland precisely thanks to this idea. Kindergartens and schools need to be built, as I am doing in Warsaw. The issue of IVF, where the PiS government took away this possibility. Fortunately, it has been restored. Safety, safety, security once again. Then women will be more willing to have children and ensure their future, also providing housing for young people. And here, local government simply does it best. That was Rafał Trzaskowski. And now it's time for Mr. Stanowski. First, let's look after the children who are still alive, with emphasis on "still." I'm wearing this hoodie today, not because I don't have a suit at home, because I have several. I'm wearing it because I got it from Ignaś's parents three months ago. They asked me to wear it on some popular show I would be on. I decided that today's show would be popular enough to present it. Siepomaga.pl, Slash, Rescue_Ignaś. These people next to me created a state that cannot save children. They talk beautifully about it, but they can't save children. They created a state where parents go begging, go to famous people, and ask for any support. These people won't save Ignaś. You can, if you go and donate one zloty, ten, one hundred zlotys today, right now, because this fundraiser is stalled. These people have 100 ideas, 200 specifics, 300 promises. What specifics do you have for parents of children who are currently begging and pleading for mercy? What solutions do you have for them? In addition to Mr. Stanowski, I will also quote Professor Bartoszewski, who once said that when a drunk person vomits on me on a bus, it is not an insult, it is unpleasant, not everyone can offend me. And now Mr. Marek Jakubiak will speak. I don't think anyone would want to insult you here. However, to say that a woman's right to have a child means the right to kill a child. That is such an absurd concept to me, so incomprehensible that I simply cannot utter it. Any moderately intelligent person knows that you are now engaging in propaganda. If we do not support mothers, families, create an atmosphere around the idea that family is something beautiful, that adulthood is when we have our offspring, when we look into the eyes of our own children and grandchildren, then we are truly human. Humans who create a family. And from this family and these people, nations are formed. The fact that today it is said that you will die in childbirth, you cannot protect yourself, and so on and so forth, is pure propaganda, because you are basing it on a few cases a year. And now it's time for Mr. Grzegorz Braun's statement. Legal infanticide is a way to meet the needs of irresponsible men. Let's protect children. My national security council will also include pro-lifers, defenders of life, including the life of little Felek, murdered in Oleśnica in the ninth month of pregnancy with a potassium chloride injection to the heart, which is forbidden in veterinary medicine because it would be animal torture. What kind of Poland is this where such practices are possible, praised, and promoted at the highest level? Let's protect life, because it is a criterion of legal and constitutional standards. I will remind you of the question once again. According to forecasts, in 75 years, there may be fewer than 20 million Poles. At the same time, studies show that Polish women are giving up motherhood because they fear restrictive anti-abortion law. What do you, sir or madam, intend to do to stop the demographic catastrophe? And now Artur Bartoszewicz will answer. Ladies and gentlemen, once again you see how society is divided. Just say abortion and immediately there are pros and cons, all those who want to continue leading to Poles trembling, Poles being uncertain, Poles losing certainty about tomorrow, not knowing what to do. Let's stop this. Let's implement direct democracy. Let's decide once and for all. Polish women do not make abortion the goal of their lives. Polish women want security, they want family, they want beauty, they want joy, they want success in their work, they want development. Just as every person dreams that tomorrow will be better. Let's stop intimidating ourselves with phenomena, processes that only divide us, break us apart, atomize us. Ladies and gentlemen, I will implement a grand demographic program so that in 15 years there will be 46 million of us, and by the end of the century 80 million, because a strong Poland requires demographics. Now Mr. Adrian Zandberg will speak. Ladies and gentlemen, we have a housing problem in Poland. Today, a significant portion of young people who work hard cannot afford their own roof over their heads. This is largely because PiS and Platforma successively pumped money into the system of credit subsidies, subsidies that ultimately land in the accounts of development companies. If you look at the Sejm, you will see that these two large parties support this solution. Also, of course, because developers pay them money, but also because there are some people in Poland who still believe that this system has a chance to work. I am convinced that subsidies do not work, that subsidies only inflate housing prices, and therefore I will veto any attempts to introduce subsidies for developers in Poland. I believe that we should focus on social housing, allocating 1% of Polish GDP to social housing, to finally solve the housing problem. There's still a little time left, but I think you can start now. Magdalena Biejat. Ladies and gentlemen, you have heard a heap of nonsense and insults directed at women here. And this is outrageous, because it is obvious to every woman that access to abortion is an important decision at the moment when she decides to become pregnant, because it testifies to how the state treats her and whether she will have access to good medical care, which is best evidenced by the story of Mrs. Anita. But of course, that's not all, because a young woman who decides whether she wants to have a family wonders if she will be able to support it. Will it not be the case that she will first have to slave away at unpaid internships and practices, and then in a precarious labor market, where the State Labor Inspectorate does not have enough money to protect her rights? Will she have a place to live and start a family? Will she be able to afford to pay for a loan or rent on the private market with that money? Finally, many people after their first child decide not to have more, because they know how difficult it is to get into a nursery or how difficult it is to pay for kindergarten. Until we solve these problems, we will not solve the demographic crisis, and no right-winger will do that for you. Madam Speaker, now it's time for Ms. Joanna Seneszyn's statement. Please. Ladies and gentlemen, of course, the anti-abortion law must be liberalized. Abortion up to the 12th week is simply a human right. But there are also many other reasons why Polish women do not have children. These are housing difficulties, lack of housing, low earnings, problems with combining professional careers, or even professional work, with motherhood. Finally, it is insufficient help from fathers in raising and supporting children, but also the role of the Polish mother model, a mother who is supposed to sacrifice herself for her children, for her husband, to be a kind of martyr. Perhaps changing this model would do a lot, but for me, there is also another reason in the studies. 30% of young women do not want to have children. And 70% of them do not want to have children because they simply do not like children. Thank you very much. And now Karol Nawrocki will speak. The very phrasing of this question diagnoses the problem. Promoting anti-values or the values of death, not life, is certainly a problem that affects the demographic dimension of the Polish state. Therefore, we need to return to supporting Polish families and to those values that encourage Poles to start and care for their families. With respect, of course, for those who make different choices. Indeed, the problem of demographics and depopulation of the Polish state is very important, but I don't know if you realize how important it is in the Polish provinces, in small and medium-sized towns. The Civic Platform government wanted to close over 100 maternity and gynecology departments, and only social resistance prevented that from happening. My program will include a large project, "Return Home Poland," aimed at all Poles around the world, and PIT tax exemptions for parents of two or more children. Thank you very much. That was the last statement in the second round of questions. Now Radomir Wit will ask the question. And I remind you that each candidate receives the same question and has one minute to answer. This was among the rules we agreed upon. Your representatives agreed to them. Additionally, among these rules is the absence of gadgets and mobile phones, so that voters today cannot recognize you during this debate. Good. Time for my question. Opinion polls show that the profession of politician enjoys low public trust. Slogans that politicians lie, are dishonest, and care mainly about their own interests dominate public discourse. What personal qualities of yours, Madam or Sir, will improve this opinion? Szymon Hołownia: I think that leadership in general makes no sense if it is not based on values, on sharing values with the people who elect you to a given position, who give you the chance to be responsible for the community. But truth, honesty, being close to people, wanting to listen to them, wanting to open the Sejm as I do, not close it and turn it into a great fortress, that's one thing. But secondly, you also have to watch yourself. Hence everything I do in the Sejm to regulate the law-making process and the behaviour of MPs. This includes increasing penalties for MPs' absences. MP Marcin Romanowski is already experiencing this. This also includes attempts to introduce, and I hope they will soon prove effective, breathalyzers which will have to be used to test those who do not understand that you have to come to work sober. Regardless of whether you are a car mechanic or an MP. We must set an example for people. We must be transparent and show that we have nothing to hide, and not try to increase our salaries with mileage expenses. Maciej Maciak replies: "Marshal Hołownia spoke of values. I don't know if, Marshal, he was referring to values such as filling positions with your own people. There is now a new state housing company in Włocławek. At least three people connected to you are with this company. Perhaps you are speaking of such values. Ladies and gentlemen, the party systems of most of my opponents carry them. And behind them comes immense money. I wish most of my opponents good luck, that they might succeed independently, solely with the support of ordinary citizens, who work daily, maintain families, and even devote a portion of their time to supporting me as their representative. It is unimaginable to me that they would succeed. I have such public support and am not treated as a politician, although I wish to be a politician." Marek Woch answers. Ladies and gentlemen, once upon a time, the definition of a politician was invented, meaning people who want to deal with the common good, that is, the state as citizens of all and of all views. However, today politics is simply about filling companies, filling offices, and that is what politicians are doing today, not thinking about social problems. Secondly, there is negative selection. Experts, educated people are not allowed on electoral lists when it comes to politicians. And we have proof here, because the Marshal of the Sejm is a man who is still looking for his master's degree and cannot find it. And people like me, a plumber from vocational school who was born in a village and has six siblings, are oppressed, and I received a doctorate in philosophy of law, ladies and gentlemen. That is why we created the movement of non-partisan local government officials. In 2023, we had one and a half million votes in local elections, from which they tried to eliminate us, we had several hundred thousand. Euro, and today are our fourth elections as a social movement. We invite you to cooperate. And Sławomir Mentzen answers. These studies don't surprise me at all. Politicians are indeed very bad and lazy people who can't cope in their normal lives. That's why they seek their fortune in politics. For me, it's a little different. Outside of politics, I could earn, and have earned so far, significantly more money than ever in politics. I am not a professional MP, I do not receive an MP's salary, I have not taken a single zloty for mileage or for renting an MP's car. I spend almost my entire parliamentary office budget on my employees' salaries. I could live off those employed in the parliamentary office, I could live quietly outside of politics in very comfortable conditions, but I decided to fight to make things finally better in Poland, to make something finally change in Poland. In this campaign, I have already conducted almost 340 meetings literally all over Poland. I wore out three pairs of shoes, used two suits, and devoted almost a year of my life, a year of presence in my home, to finally make something change in Poland. I will remind you, if you allow me, of the question. The same question is given to all candidates. In public opinion polls, the profession of politician enjoys low public trust. Slogans that politicians lie, are dishonest, and care mainly about their own interests, dominate public discourse. What personal qualities of yours will improve this opinion? Rafał Trzaskowski answers now. This presidential campaign in recent days has shown what is most important. First of all, transparency. If we want politicians to be respected, all asset declarations of presidential candidates, for example, should be public from the very beginning. The second issue, of course, is honesty, because that is the most important thing today, and selflessness, namely, one should help selflessly, not for housing. The third very important issue is simply ordinary human decency. As we observe what has been happening in the last week, my opponent and his staff are in a frenzy, because the facts have simply come to light. They are nervous about how on earth someone informed the public about this, why journalists followed this lead. This precisely shows what values are needed in public debate. And the last thing, do not be indifferent. If we hear unacceptable slogans, someone attacking others, anti-Semitic slogans, someone praising Putin today, we must react. Krzysztof Stanowski answers. First, a request to the lady, to the moderator, to keep an eye on the clock, because those are the tasks here and nothing more. Yes. In front of me are many flags, gadgets, a serious debate. Apparently, you can't have gadgets. This is the first time during these elections that public television has invited candidates. Uh, if you want, you can, you can use them, you can take these flags for yourself, maybe to plow over your opponent, go ahead. Uh, I have here a flag of feminism and Germany, and Poland, and Kyrgyzstan. Everything will be found here for everyone, something pleasant, because it's not serious. After all, these are presidential elections. Are we choosing someone who has the best comeback, who in a minute will say how to improve the birth rate in Poland, who in a minute will deal with the war? Well, that's what presidential elections in Poland are about, who can best dis the opponent. These are unfortunately unfortunately jokes. This is how freak fights can look. Let's all fight even more, the viewership will be even higher. Marshal Hołownia will get a silver YouTube button. Ladies and gentlemen, I remind you that it was your representatives, your representatives who accepted and adopted the rules of our meeting today. Marek Jakubiak answers. Not asking, we discussed many matters with you. None of the appropriately promised actions were taken, that Polish television would respond. Now Mr. Marek Jakubiak answers, it's Mr. Marek Jakubiak's time. Ladies and gentlemen, I agree, because we often discuss solutions to questions that are not within the president's competence, so we are talking about something that in fact does not exist. The president, it is true, has legislative initiative, but must have a majority in the Sejm. So I support this voice of outrage. However, I want to say that politics is a prudent activity for the common good, and without that, it won't work. A politician must like people, not be a mere worker. He cannot go to the Sejm to earn money or raise his status. He simply must be a politician who goes to change something for the common good. That is why I believe there should be two terms in the Sejm, and the Sejm should finally be the Sejm. An MP should not be a minister. Grzegorz Braun answers. Credibility is something you earn long-term over years. And that is precisely the strong card I lay before you here, and I count on you to decide on May 18th to regain independence, not to endlessly negotiate the terms of subservience. As for the political class, well, opportunity makes the thief. Therefore, the number of these opportunities must be radically reduced, a strong state must be established here, at least presidential rule, and an end to official impunity. Capital punishment, yes. Death penalty for criminals, traitors of the state, spies. A foreign agents law. Such things would be useful to us, ladies and gentlemen, otherwise, all hell will break loose. Time's up. Ladies and gentlemen, I will remind you of the question, the same for all candidates. In public opinion polls, the profession of politician enjoys low public trust. Slogans that politicians lie, are dishonest, and care mainly about their own interests, dominate public discourse. What personal qualities of yours will improve this opinion? Artur Bartoszewicz answers now. Ladies and gentlemen, politicians have the lowest support, and firefighters have the highest. Why? Because firefighters help. Politicians harm. Ladies and gentlemen, Article Four of the Constitution states: "The supreme power in the Republic of Poland belongs to the Nation. The Nation shall exercise its power through its representatives or directly." If your representative, your proxy, does not deliver, does not give you results, what should you do? You should recall him. Therefore, ladies and gentlemen, we will introduce a simple principle within direct democracy: the citizens' veto. We will give them rights, but we will also recall them. If they do not implement what we want, what is important to us. This, ladies and gentlemen, will be the most important thing in the direct democracy process. Together we will implement change. These are not individual characteristics. This is the strength and power of the nation. Mr. Krzysztof, if you allow me, I will take this opportunity and free the flag of the Republic of Poland from this circus. I will twist it. You must take it. I can't just. Now it's Adrian Zenberg's turn to answer. Ladies and gentlemen, the personal qualities of this or that politician are of secondary importance. The problem is systemic. When I meet people in meetings over the past months, I most often hear two things: that they are annoyed that politicians treat public property, common property, like a trough, to which they line up, having the appropriate party affiliation. And that politicians are in the pockets of big business. Both of these things can be changed in a fairly simple way. Firstly, by introducing fair tenders in state-owned companies and preventing active and former politicians from doing what they are doing today in state-owned companies. And secondly, by reducing the permissible donations to election campaigns, because today, unfortunately, some of my opponents are simply sponsored by large development companies. The Marshal mentioned these symbolic things related to how work in the Sejm looks. I agree, Marshal, but perhaps it's time to finally make a decision about banning the sale of alcohol in the Sejm during sessions, because that really is... And the time for the answer to the question has expired, time for Magdalena Biejat's answer. Ladies and gentlemen, it's time for change in politics. I differ from many of my colleagues in that I never mislead, I don't change my mind based on polls, and I take my election promises very seriously, which is why, since the last parliamentary elections, I have been fighting for your interests every day. To introduce widow's pensions, to finally make Christmas Eve a non-working day, to shorten working hours while maintaining the same salary. And during this election campaign, I not only talk about access to abortion, but I also actively fight to protect those brave women who help other women. Whether in Oleśnica, when fanatical supporters of Grzegorz Braun attack them, or in Warsaw, when they have to fight other fanatics, and Rafał Trzaskowski cannot defend them. I talk about labor rights and the fact that they should be respected in Poland, but at the same time I intervene, whether in Gniezno, at the Jeremias factory, or at Tesla near Berlin, where 1000 Poles work, and that is what this different politics is about. About proving to you that I am with you at all times. Joanna Senyszyn answers. A politician has low prestige, while a professor has very high prestige, so perhaps many professors in the Sejm is the solution. Sometimes I had the impression that the Sejm was indeed so poor, especially during the eight years of "Kaczyzm," that if you took 460 MPs and rounded them up on the street, perhaps they would make better laws. But I believe that my path to politics should be a model for everyone. First, you have to show what you can do with your own life, and only then arrange the lives of others, i.e., make laws. When I entered politics, I was 47 years old. I was already a Belvedere professor, dean of the faculty of management, and rector of the first private school in Gdynia. I promoted 600 masters and six doctors. I wrote several books and several hundred articles. I did not enter politics for money or for fame. I wanted to share my skills. Time for the answer has expired. Karol Nawrocki answers. I came to politics from service to Poland. I have actually been a politician for six months. Candidacy for the presidency is the start of my political life, and until today, throughout my life, I have not been a member of any political party. You have set us up nicely, because this difference can be drawn between me and Rafał Trzaskowski. Here stands a conglomerate of briefs, political polls, a product of a political laboratory, the result of a political laboratory of an ex-deputy minister, a minister, a vice-chairman. I am simply a human being of flesh and blood. I am one of you, a citizen of the Polish state, and I will represent you perfectly. This difference is also visible in independence. I say, first Poland, first Poles. Mr. Rafał Trzaskowski, German foundations, Soros, ladies and gentlemen, so this also gives me a certain kind of independence. And that was the last answer. Until now, the candidates have been answering our questions. At this point, they will be able to ask each other questions. One candidate can ask one question to one opponent in 20 seconds. The opponent has one minute to answer, and then 20 seconds for a rebuttal. Szymon Hołownia begins. I have a question for Mr. Karol Nawrocki. Building a Polish community must always be based on values. And for me, the greatest value is undoubtedly truth. That is why today I filed a lawsuit against the lies of your colleagues from Law and Justice. You wrap yourself in Westerplatte and Monte Cassino, but you treat truth as nothing. Why are you hiding the dishonest tricks you pulled to sink your teeth into the apartment of a man who now has neither an apartment nor your care? Karol Nawrocki. The Marshal is talking about a lawsuit. Please be careful, Mr. Marshal, because after what you are saying, I hope you don't expect a lawsuit. I wanted to encourage all viewers of Polish television, Polsat television, ladies and gentlemen, and TVN to visit my social media. There is a current video there explaining what happened with Mr. Jerzy's apartment. I helped a man, Mr. Marshal. I helped a man, I bought an apartment from him and ultimately donated it for charitable purposes. I think that if each of you, owners of many apartments or your colleagues, would do the same, Poland and the world would be better. Please be calm about the fate of this apartment. I encourage you to familiarize yourselves with the new material on my social media. I hope your televisions will also broadcast this film. And this operational game that affected me and the leaks from my file, which are in the special services, are disturbing regarding the state of Poland right now. 20 seconds. You know, I don't have anything in any special services file. You clearly do. You said it well, that this is the current explanation, because you've had five of them already, contradicting each other. I'll be blunt. Karol Nawrocki is a liar. He lied in the notarial deed that he paid 120,000 for the buyout of an apartment that wasn't his. He used a discount that he was not entitled to. All to shamefully divert communal property into private hands. Sue me now, Mr. Karol. Thank you very much. Please, we ask you to stick to the time limits, which we also agreed upon with you. Next question. Now Maciej Maciak will ask a question to Mr. Stanowski. Just answer, don't bluff. Uh, such proof of humanity. Americans travel to Russia for difficult health matters. It's one-third the price there. In the case of this child you promoted today, if Vladimir Putin agreed to cure him for free, would you promote it? I know that in your mind, Mr. Maciej, the Kremlin-backed Vladimir Putin is a man who cures sick children, conducts various therapies, and engages in charitable work. That's how it is in your mind. I've gathered that during previous debates, I've gathered that during your interviews. I know that a wonderful person lives in Moscow, whom we should admire. I have a slightly different idea and I see Mr. Putin's actions towards children a little differently, and I certainly wouldn't suggest sending anyone's children to Vladimir Putin, and I'd certainly feel safer if my child went to the United States for treatment. I remind you, siepomaga.pl. Save Ignaś. You can go to that website to save Ignaś. Vladimir Putin certainly won't save him. Despite your fantasies, which are truly bizarre. By the way, I wanted to say hello to my son, who is at green school. Greetings to the entire fifth-grade D. Thank you. You still have time for a rebuttal, ladies and gentlemen, well, in that case, Mr. Stanowski condemns us to poverty. The last case of a girl with that Batman birthmark, specialists from St. Petersburg clinics are saving this child, an American citizen. There are many such cases. And Mr. Stanowski prefers to overpay in the States, where Russian doctors also fly. Time. Marek Woch asks the question. To Dr. Nawrocki, if I may ask. Ladies and gentlemen, before the 23rd parliamentary elections, TVP, excuse me, published an incomplete poll regarding non-partisans on air. Today I noticed that I am also in the "other" category, ladies and gentlemen, they are no longer published in court, I don't want to sit. Will you, as president, because the president has the tools, if you become president, will you put an end to this, so that representatives of social movements are treated equally with party members? Thank you very much, doctor. Of course, I myself come from the world of social activists. I was the chairman of the Siedlce district council for 6 years, and I think that local government officials at every level truly do a lot of hard work for the Republic of Poland and have excellent experience, which is also evidenced by your participation in this presidential race. So, as president of Poland, I will support both social environments and non-partisan local government officials. Often, in Polish local governments, responsibility for the entire Republic of Poland is confined. All the more, I am surprised today by Donald Tusk's government, that it is liquidating the balanced development of the Polish state. All these programs aimed at Polish local governments, which built local Poland and finally bridged the gap between Poland A and Poland B, have been liquidated by the government due to public finance inefficiency. You can count on me. Do you have time for a repost? Thank you very much, doctor, and this confirms Mr. Krzysztof Stanowski's words, that no matter which government is in power, something bad is happening here in Woronicza, and thank you very much for this declaration. We will hold you to your word. However, things are going well in the regions. It is a paradox, ladies and gentlemen, that the provincial and regional TVP centers invite Woch for interviews, they come to conferences. But something is wrong here, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you, doctor. Now Sławomir Mentzen asks a question. To whom? Rafał Trzaskowski. Please. Mr. Rafał, I propose in these elections, just like Konfederacja in the previous ones, a healthcare reform consisting of introducing health insurance funds that compete with the NFZ. What do you think about this idea? Do you like it? If so, why. If it's bad, also why. Mr. Sławomir, you were saying that you want to privatize healthcare, but healthcare must be public. This is the most important task for all of us. It needs to be reformed, money needs to be obtained from the European Union, from the KPO [National Reconstruction Plan]. This is exactly what I am doing, because you keep talking about what should be done. However, I manage 10 hospitals that are not indebted like other hospitals in Poland. I have precisely allocated 800 million zlotys to renovate these hospitals, to buy equipment for them. I have obtained 200 million zlotys from EU funds to fight cancer. I even built one hospital from scratch, the Southern Hospital. So it's not about talking about it, it's about doing it. Also, when it comes to the collapse of mental health care. This is exactly what we are doing. I have opened a whole network of clinics, because we simply want to help and solve problems, not just talk about them. Time for the repost. It's exceptionally brazen for you to accuse me of only talking. The problem is that I recently discovered that this exact postulate was in the Civic Platform's program from 2011, when you promised to introduce exactly the same from 2013 onwards. You wrote in the program that it is the most innovative and effective system, but you only talk. For 20 years, you have not reformed the healthcare system. It's excellent, so now it's time for a question from Rafał Trzaskowski to Karol Nawrocki, because I will return to this apartment and one thing, because your brazenness is truly unbelievable. Namely, I have here a statement in which you committed to lifelong assistance to Mr. Jerzy. As we all know, Mr. Jerzy is in a social welfare home. Are you really not ashamed to sign such things, to talk about them? Please tell me, is he in a social welfare home or not? Distinguished Mr. Vice-Chairman, first of all, you lack the moral standing to speak on housing matters. Let me remind you that you were the chief of staff for Hanna Gronkiewicz-Waltz and are co-responsible for the reprivatization scandal in Warsaw, for the apartment clear-outs. You are co-responsible for those who broke windows at night, in winter, for people who were evicted from their apartments, and for those who put a Warsaw Uprising veteran in a basement. You did not build any communal housing in 2022-2023, and 14,000 apartments were built by developers who contribute to your election campaign. I helped Mr. Jerzy as I said, and I made sure that your colleague, because in Gdańsk there are similar practices as in Warsaw, you have the same customs, right? Mr. Jerzy did not lose his communal apartment, and this proof from since I have been the owner of this apartment since 2017 shows that I still took responsibility and was ready for Mr. Jerzy, and you would have kicked him out of his home and changed his locks. Trzaskowski, this brazenness and insolence is simply unbelievable. Mr. Nawrocki helped Mr. Jerzy with housing, not selflessly, and he committed to helping him for the rest of his life, but Mr. Jerzy is in a social welfare home and you haven't even had contact with him these past few years. However, when it comes to reprivatization, my dear sir, I will tell you that I did not return any apartment, contrary to what you say, and I am renovating vacant properties, expanding our base when it comes to communal housing. And finally, a fourth very important thing, we do not sell apartments. Unless it is an extreme situation and then we provide substitute housing, and the courts are responsible for evictions, and there have been none on the streets of Warsaw for many, many years, and none of those decisions that could cause such behavior as yours, and you will not obscure the situation here, you only spoke about Marszałkowska 66, there are nearly 4000 square meters there. I watched a very interesting program, and Ms. Urszula said that what the reprivatization mafia could not achieve, the city of Warsaw under Rafał Trzaskowski's rule did. Congratulations. You are more effective than the reprivatization mafia. We are now moving on to the next question, asked by Krzysztof Stanowski. I have a question for Marshal Hołownia. I wanted to ask about something from a moment ago, because you spoke so beautifully about women's rights to abortion. Therefore, I wanted to ask, is your statement that your role is to create a law closest to divine law, and that abortion is a grave crime, no longer current? Are these no longer your views? My views are clear and unchanging. I believe that abortion is always evil, always a tragedy. However, when you speak from the perspective of a person who is, let's say, a publicist, a writer, an author, and from the perspective of someone who wants to take responsibility for the entire community, these are different perspectives, although values and views do not change. Today, please ask me how I want to take responsibility for the entire community. And having my views and knowing how I will vote in this referendum, I clearly say that we should ask the entire society for their voice on this matter, and that is my declaration. I don't want to conquer anyone. I don't want to conquer anyone with my views. I want to persuade them, I want to encourage them, but not with a prosecutor, not with handcuffs, not with a court order. The law should be made in such a way that it is the foundation of Poland's stability and gives us all a sense of security. Enough of those who run from left to right giving testimonies. A politician, a responsible president should not behave this way. He should unite. There is time for repost. Politician. A politician is not just a politician, he is also a human being. I would like to know what kind of person you are and what your views will be when you stop being a politician. Will abortion then again be a grave crime, as you said? And is your role as marshal to create laws closest to divine law, because that is also your statement, because you lightly turn others into fuel? We are here to keep time, so I inform you that the time for rebuttal has expired. Now Marek Jakubiak asks the question. Ladies and gentlemen, there are no fruits without a tree, no tree without roots. Poland has a very rich, but difficult history. In our recent history from the period of World War II, Warsaw suffered a terrible, terrible war sacrifice. A question to Mr. Hołownia: how do you relate to historical policy, knowing that Germans write our history for us? Your time is up, please, that Germans, what? Excuse me, they write history for us. I don't get the impression that Germans write our history, but we must establish our relations with Germans, because they are our neighbours and nothing will change in that regard. Today, of course, we can talk about 600 billion in reparations and argue about whether the legal concept of reparations is applicable today or not. I propose a different solution. We need to agree with Germany that we don't need a monument or a history meeting house. We need them to pay hundreds of billions of euros into the national defense fund that we will establish, so that after they destroyed our army in World War II, they rebuild security, rebuild our country, rebuild our strength. And that will help both Poland's security, give Poles jobs, increase our potential, but also defend all of Europe, because Germany does not border the Russian Federation, and we do. I am a supporter of pragmatic solutions, not politicians who will perform ritual self-immolations, fighting for something they will never bring to the people. I hope you listened carefully to what the Marshal said, because the Marshal is the president of the 2050 party, which we commonly call the "yellows." They are responsible for the Ministry of Environmental Protection. His members tore this symbol of Fighting Poland from the wall and threw it away. They cannot find it. There was a renovation, because there was a renovation, and it returned to its place. It did not return. Now it's Grzegorz Braun's turn to ask a question. How interesting that left-wing candidates, European communists, who here show concern for the lack of housing for Polish youth, at the same time advocate for the implementation of European Union norms that effectively block the development of housing. Mr. Chairman Zandberg, could you explain this phenomenon? You advocate for, for example, higher electricity prices. This 40% surcharge from the Euro-kolkhoz, and at the same time you tell fairy tales about housing development. You are not for the first time misinformed. Mr. Braun, I am in favor of us starting large investments in nuclear energy in Poland, because stubbornly sticking to coal in our economy has led to a situation where, within the next 10 years, the coal-fired power plants on which the Polish economy stands today will simply run out, they will not be able to operate further. If we do not manage to build eight nuclear blocks by then, our economy will be in trouble, and in fact, then electricity prices will skyrocket so much that we will remember today's high electricity prices with sentiment and nostalgia. We need to finally start investing in nuclear energy, investing in transmission networks, making sure that the Polish economy maintains its competitiveness in the perspective of the next 10, 15 years. And the path to this leads through investments, not through telling people fairy tales that we can continue to maintain the economy based on increasingly expensive coal mining. We must not deceive people. Time for a repost from Braun. Oh, yes. Left-wing fairy tales of whims and fantasies. A nuclear power plant that we don't have, but are supposed to have in God knows how many years or decades. And meanwhile, electricity is the most expensive in Europe. Ladies and gentlemen, good news from my side. If you decide so on May 18th, during my term, we are returning to coal because only that is profitable. We are returning to coal, Artur Bartoszewicz. You see, ladies and gentlemen, the flag is safe now. And now, Mr. Szymon, if you could just move a little to the left, because Mr. Rafał's ego, what he didn't do in Warsaw, is outstanding. You, you and your supporters, Mr. Szymon, declaratively stand in defense of the Republic of Poland's Constitution. Please tell me, how do you assess the activities of public television and public radio in the context of ensuring equal presentation of all candidates in these elections? What do you know about this? I hope that the National Electoral Commission will deal with this appropriately, and if you have noticed any attempts to treat any candidates in a bad way, you will also notify the National Broadcasting Council and me, because I am personally curious about this. I believe that we have not sufficiently undertaken the mission of cleaning up state-owned companies, the mission of healing public media. Of course, what happened with public media and companies under PiS rule, the practical privatization of what is common by one party, was an absolute aberration. But we did not do what we agreed with our voters in this regard. I am fighting in the Sejm for a law on cleaning up state-owned companies, which our coalition partners are blocking. I am fighting to ensure that a public media law, which I hope, and I say this also as a former employee, will lead to all of us feeling safe, because public media serves to give people a sense of security, that they receive verified information, is put before the Sejm as soon as possible. Marshal, Artur Bartoszewicz reports. Public media is a propaganda tool of Mr. Rafał Trzaskowski, who accepts this pathology in their operation. Mr. Sygód, Mr. Gorgosz, these are former employees of Mr. Rafał. You ensured that I was completely isolated from public media during the presidential campaign. I did not exist. Now Adrian Zandberg asks the question. To Mr. Rafał Trzaskowski. Mr. Chairman, I already asked you this question once in a debate, but then you ran away from the answer. I hope you don't run away from it today. You promised before the elections that you would put an end to cronyism, that you would put an end to these bad PiS practices regarding state-owned companies. A year and a half has passed, and nothing has changed except that instead of PiS credentials, there are now Civic Platform credentials. People completely lacking competence, haters, are still hired in state-owned companies. Why did you deceive people? And are you not ashamed that you deceived people in this matter? Mr. Adrian, I did not run away from that question. I only told you, and I will remind you, yes, that you can take responsibility, more responsibility, less criticism. Just really, you have a chance, you have a chance to propose initiatives, you had a chance to be in the government, you had a chance to fight all these issues you talk about, and you constantly position yourself as a critic. As for nominations in the most important companies in the city, when it comes to management, waterworks management, bus management, management of these most important companies, there are, for example, specialists in these boards and the presidents are specialists without party affiliations. Besides, they remained from the previous governments, because I don't have any priority here to fill these positions. So both the president of the waterworks, and the president of the buses, and the president of the metro are people without party affiliations. Rebuttal. Mr. Chairman, well, please, a little seriousness. You are talking about initiatives in the Sejm. An initiative in the Sejm, which we and Mr. Hołownia's party voted for, was blocked by your party. The party of which you are vice-chairman. Please take responsibility for the party of which you are vice-chairman and for the party that is actually filling state-owned companies with thousands of party apparatchiks. That's not how it was supposed to look. Now it's time for a question from Magdalena Biejat. I have a question for Sławomir Mentzen. You have repeatedly said that beating children is okay. Violence also takes other forms. For example, neglect or not paying child support. I have a question for you: do you also support these forms of violence against children? What is your position on alimony, child support, and the obligation of parents to pay them? I admit I am shocked by this question. I would never have thought that not paying child support could have anything to do with honesty, reliability, or anything good. People who have children and do not pay for their upkeep, do not pay child support, should be prosecuted with the full force of the Polish state. And unfortunately, the state, built by PO and PiS for 20 years, does not do this. There are people who do not receive money, women who do not receive money to raise their children. And it is clear that we have systemic shortcomings here, that 20 years of PO and PiS was not enough to deal with this matter. And I admit that I have no idea how you could have thought that I could in any way support not paying child support or leaving children without care. This is absolutely shocking to me, and I don't know where you got that idea. You have 20 seconds for your rebuttal now. What is shocking to me is that Mr. Sławomir Mentzen does not understand where I got the idea that he does not prioritize the well-being of children, because like a typical right-winger, he talks a lot about the well-being of children, but when it comes down to specifics, he cannot take care of them. You have repeatedly said that a simple spank has never harmed anyone. When it was necessary, when the well-being of the child should be prioritized, you prioritize above all else. The well-being of violence and force. Next question, this time Joanna Senyszyn asks. Yes, this is a question for Sławomir Mentzen. You portray yourself as a defender of Poland's sovereignty against the European Union. Would you therefore support the denunciation of the Concordat, an international agreement that imposes many obligations on Poland, but gives us nothing in return? I do not intend to seek the denunciation of the Concordat. I see no connection between the Concordat, between Poland and the Vatican, and Polish independence under the Concordat. Nobody forces us to pay a lot for electricity. Nobody forces us to abandon internal combustion cars and switch to electric cars. Nobody conducts our customs policy to harm our agriculture or our industry. No one imposes various harmful left-wing ideologies on Poland through the Concordat. Therefore, I believe that the Concordat agreement is completely harmless to Poland. It is absolutely obvious that independent, sovereign states establish various forms of cooperation and sign agreements with each other. This is how independent states operate. However, it is important that these states remain truly independent, and unfortunately, the direction the European Union is heading in is leading to Poland losing its independence. If they truly, and I am referring to Trzaskowski and Tusk, agree to changes in EU treaties, perhaps we will cease to be an independent state altogether. Well, it seems you are unaware that the agreement with the Vatican, the Concordat, imposes many obligations on Poland, including financial ones. Among other things, it requires organizing catechism in schools, which children and young people no longer want to attend. It also finances certain universities and many other things, and gives nothing in return, which violates our sovereignty. Now it's time for Maciej Maciak to ask a question. I would ask you to remind us of the content of the question, because then people will see how the answers deviated from it. But now it's time for your question. You are asking each other questions here. The round with our questions has passed. Now you are asking each other questions on foreign affairs. This is what it means, Mr. Zandberg, as a left-wing internationalist, please name the countries and nations with whom we should not cooperate. The answer is very simple. Mr. Maciek, they should not be our friends and allies. Those who violate international law, those who pursue imperial policy, those who violate the sacred principle of non-aggression in international relations. If you are looking for a sympathizer of your, of Kremlin sympathies, you will not find him in me. No. We are talking about international relations. Perhaps we can understand from this that we were supposed to talk about that. Maciej Maciak has 20 seconds for a rebuttal. We were supposed to talk about international relations. And I hear, ladies and gentlemen, about tanks and bombs, and a song came to my mind. What do you have in your heads? Are your tanks, your bombs like zombies, ladies and gentlemen, this is sick. Can't we pursue international policy like China does? They are liked and invited. The whole world will respect such a nation and such a country. Oh, your time is up. Magdalena Biejat. Very well. Ladies and gentlemen, yes, the European Union is a strong, solidary, and unequivocal strong response to the threat of tariffs from Donald Trump. A precise blow in response to the great technological industry of the United States. Showing that we will not be pushed around, but above all, that we will not be played off against each other. This is a strategy for Donald Trump's policy, for a short-sighted policy, a policy from which he has backed down and will continue to back down, because he knows very well that he simply will not stand up to the competition in a clash with a large market such as the European Union. But the truth is also that we must go further. We must prepare for a new national order, a new international order, and the direction we should go is not only armaments, which are much discussed, but precisely energy transformation, ensuring low energy prices throughout the EU, but especially in Poland, where we are far behind. Also, to ensure that the large enterprises in which we will invest can continue to develop without fear of acquisition. And now Artur Bartoszewicz responds. Ladies and gentlemen, you heard helplessness, the helplessness of politicians who are either terrified or claim that the European Union should handle the matter for us. No, ladies and gentlemen, economic policy is conducted within two elements: fiscal policy and monetary policy. You see, the latter, monetary policy, is not mentioned in the debate. Fiscal policy, that is precisely where mechanisms related to customs duties are an element. But if something is not working in this area, beautiful actions can be taken by having your own independent monetary policy. But for that to happen, you need an independent central bank, not one that is undermined and destroyed, and you need your own currency, the Polish zloty. I will not agree to abandon the Polish zloty, because the Polish zloty will provide us with protection against customs duties today, it will give us the opportunity to earn money and make a great deal. And Germany, excuse me, I am not interested in the situation in Germany at all. Time's up. Grzegorz Braun answers. Well, we need to regain independence so that electricity prices are not the highest in Europe. So that they don't send migrants, refugees, and invaders to us. So that we don't spend 5% of GDP on Ukrainians. So that we are not sent to someone else's war. We simply need to regain independence. I am the only candidate in these elections who propagates this program. We cannot agree on our freedom, security, health, and life if we allow foreigners to rule our lives. Let's regain independence, because otherwise, taxes will never be low, nor simple, nor will our children be born safely and not be exposed to medical experiments. Let's regain independence. Now it's Sławomir Mentzen's turn to answer. The answer is simple. I do not intend to reconcile national interests with the pursuit of further European Union integration, because I will not agree to further European Union integration. Polish national interests are much more important than the welfare of the European Union. It seems to me that every sane person should understand that further European Union integration is primarily in the interest of France and Germany, and not countries like Poland. Therefore, I will stand guard over Polish sovereignty. I know that the practice of previous governments, both PiS and Civic Platform, was completely different, but believe me, ladies and gentlemen, it is really possible to act differently, to primarily care about Polish interests, not foreign ones. Therefore, I will not agree to any changes to EU treaties. I will not agree to any further transfer of competence from the Polish government to Brussels. I will not agree to the implementation of the migration pact, to accepting illegal migrants into Poland, to paying them benefits. I will also not agree to and will lead to the rejection of the Green Deal, which increases our living costs. So, in summary, first and foremost, Polish interests, and an end to further European Union integration. That was the last question in this series, but it's not the end of questions from journalists. The second question regarding foreign policy will be asked by Dorota Wysocka Sznef. Donald Trump decided to impose 20% tariffs on all countries and all goods from the European Union, including Poland. After the EU announced retaliatory measures, he withdrew for three months for negotiations and suspended these tariffs. However, if the tariffs come into force, they will hit our pockets hard, and prices will also rise in Poland. How should Europe respond to Trump's trade war? Marek Jakubiak answers first. First of all, one should respect Donald Trump, and not criticize him wholesale every time he is right. Well, it's like this: in the European Union, we have VAT. In the United States, there is no VAT. To products imported from the United States, VAT is added here, so the product is 20% more expensive than our products. Trump asked how many American cars drive in Berlin. The answer was zero. And how many Mercedes cars drive in the United States? Tens of thousands. I don't blame him for fighting for the interests of the United States. It would be good if these hot-headed people finally realized that there is symmetry between trade actions, that the United States is no longer the fool of the world, that simply, one must respect the other, and the European Union, as the navel of the world, must grow up to the fact that Americans can also produce champagne. Now Szymon Hołownia answers. MP Jakubiak speaks like the American ambassador, but I want to be the president of the Republic of Poland. I want to clearly and unequivocally defend the interests of the Polish economy. Donald Trump messed up, and he probably knows it himself, when it comes to this tariff war. We need to act in two ways. Firstly, wherever possible, and when traveling, don't just take selfies like Mr. Nawrocki, but talk about the fact that today we are a very good partner for Donald Trump and for America, paying for our obligations and contracts, for example, military or energy, punctually. This is really important. The second thing is to focus on increasing the competitiveness of the European economy as quickly as possible, as has already been discussed. The Mario Draghi report clearly shows that we have indeed fallen behind the United States and China. Today we need to invest 800 billion euros in our own competitiveness, in cheap electricity, available to build the humor industry, artificial intelligence, to develop. These are the two directions that I, as president, would like to patronize. Thank you. And now Mr. Stanowski replies. What will you do, like this or that? What do you think about this or that topic. You will do nothing, and you think nothing, because first you have to ask your superiors what you should do. The wrong people are participating in this debate. Donald Tusk should be standing here, and Jarosław Kaczyński should be standing here. Let them say what needs to be done, what needs to be thought, and so on and so forth. Let's not play such a charade. We are choosing here, I don't know, we are awarding an Oscar for the best supporting role. We should be awarding an Oscar for the best leading role. An Oscar for direction. People who will actually make decisions should be standing here, meaning Tusk and Kaczyński. The other candidates, after all, it is known that they are already thinking about the parliamentary elections and are trying to achieve the highest possible percentage of support for their party. One is thinking about Moscow, but that doesn't count. However, the people who are fighting for the presidency here cannot even push a button in an elevator themselves. So let's not pretend that these answers have any meaning. And now Mr. Andrzej, excuse me, Adrian Zandberg replies. My apologies. But please, Madam Editor, it just so happens that I don't have those superiors that Mr. Stanowski mentioned. However, I must honestly say that I listened with some surprise to Mr. Jakubiak's statement, because when someone strikes us with tariffs, strikes us with a trade war, congratulating him is a certain masochism that, regardless of sympathy, seems a bit out of place, because we will certainly lose in a trade war. And now we must also say openly, the era of neoliberal globalization, the era of free trade, is coming to an end. We need to quickly rebuild production capacities in Poland, throughout the region, and in other EU countries, which we lost due to naive economic policy. We need to introduce protection, equal treatment for entities that produce in our country, in Europe, so that they are not inundated by unfair competition, as is happening today, for example, in the steel industry, but also partly this threat exists in agriculture. We need to rebuild our own production capacities and stop looking to Washington. That was Adrian Zandberg. Thank you very much, and I will remind you of the question. How should Europe respond to Donald Trump's trade war, declared against the European Union and also against Poland? Now Mr. Rafał Trzaskowski answers. From American tariffs, Nawrocki, as if he were running for governor of Ohio, not for the president of the Republic of Poland. The most important thing is Poland's interest, and of course, these tariffs are at odds with it, and that's why it was worth talking to Trump about them. We need good trade relations with America. We need a trade agreement, not tariffs. Because these tariffs harm Polish interests, harm American interests, harm European interests, and that's why it's very good that we are standing firm with Trump on this issue. Trump understood that he made a mistake in this matter. Perhaps it was his opening of the discussion on this topic, and I hope that we will be able to present these arguments to Trump effectively. More cooperation, fewer tariffs, because we are allies. When we are together also in trade, then we are strong. This is enormous potential for the United States, for Europe, and for Poland. Now Karol Nawrocki answers. Of course, a trade war, a tariff war between the United States and the European Union is bad and would be bad for both the United States and the European Union. This is obvious. Although we, as Poland, are in a slightly different situation than other EU countries, we have a trade deficit with the United States. We buy both gas and weapons. Above all, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to draw attention to the neglected and abandoned Polish government's presidency of the Council of the European Union. This should become a forum for discussion, for dialogue between the European Union and the United States. And Poland, through its presidency, should be at the forefront of this dialogue, deciding on our military and economic relations. As you know, I was in the United States, I met President Donald Trump and important American politicians and I will ensure Poland's relations with both the United States and the European Union. Now it's Mr. Marek Woch's turn to speak. Ladies and gentlemen, I think that President Donald Trump noticed many absurdities, where the European Union itself ceased to be competitive economically, by introducing GDPR, the Green Deal, the Blue Deal. Ladies and gentlemen, by closing mines, uh, how could it have happened that today we woke up and said, well, someone did it, aliens didn't do it, but politicians of individual countries did. However, when it comes to climate neutrality and zero CO2 emissions, it was defined until 2050. Even Szymon Hołownia named his party precisely by setting a direction that he would strive for us to have expensive electricity, so that they would peek into how many windows we have, because if I have two, I can't have two, I have to have three. When it comes to building insulation, I also cannot decide on my own, everything must be under the EU and under EU producers. Today, one newspaper writes that China is flooding us with furniture. The furniture industry is failing. Now Professor Joanna Szyszyn answers. The postponement of the 20% tariffs was not due to Trump's love for the European Union, but out of fear, simple fear, because the EU decided and announced retaliatory tariffs. And this is exactly how one must deal with politicians like Trump, who only fear strength. Poland will not lose that much from the direct tariff increase, because our trade with the United States is small. However, we will of course lose indirectly, because we both trade on a large scale and cooperate with Germany, which will be more affected by this tariff increase. Well, the European Union has also started talks with India as part of its defense, and this will most likely cause Trump to withdraw these tariffs in the end. Thank you very much, and I remind you of the question: how should the European Union respond to Donald Trump's trade war? Now Mr. Maciej Maciak answers. It's funny to observe European politicians, including us here in this debate and the rest of the political class, how they panic in the EU and in Poland, how they panic. What to do, what to do, what will happen? Well, they should have thought about it earlier and not squandered such crazy ideas about cutting themselves off from the most promising Eastern markets. Today, in this situation, every independent sovereign country, okay, you impose tariffs on us, we'll find a market in another country. Today, with this policy, to which some unserious EU politicians have led, we are at the end of the world as Poland. Behind us, on our eastern border, begins the most promising market for all promotions, and now all we have left is to gnash our teeth and endure poverty. And now Magdalena Biejat. Please. I wonder what kind of promotions Mr. Maciak benefits from in that market, because I'm starting to wonder. Meanwhile, ladies and gentlemen, yes, the European Union is a strong, solidary, and unambiguous strong response to the threat of tariffs from Donald Trump. A precise blow in response to the great technological industry of the United States. Showing that we will not be pushed around, but above all, that we will not be played off against each other. This is a strategy for Donald Trump's policy, for a short-sighted policy, a policy from which he has backed down and will continue to back down, because he knows very well that he simply will not stand up to the competition in a clash with a large market such as the European Union. But the truth is also that we must go further. We must prepare for a new national order, a new international order, and the direction we should go is not only armaments, which are much discussed, but precisely energy transformation, ensuring low energy prices throughout the EU, but especially in Poland, where we are far behind. Also, to ensure that the large enterprises in which we will invest can continue to develop without fear of acquisition. And now Artur Bartoszewicz responds. Ladies and gentlemen, fairy tales, fairy tales, fairy tales, because if someone doesn't understand economics, they have no idea what they are talking about. Ladies and gentlemen, the report "Predatory Green Deal." Here you will find information on how the European Union treats us, how we are treated, how we perceive the European Union. Poles want to be in the European Union. 63% of Poles say: "Yes, we are for the European Union." But 62.5% say: "The European Union means strong national states within the Union." Fairy tales about Germany being weak, France being weak. Really, listen, ladies and gentlemen, in a moment we will see that Poland has suddenly grown in their eyes. Nonsense. Ladies and gentlemen, in Paris there has been a school of economic warfare for 25 years, because economic warfare in the European Union is an everyday reality. Only those who spoke a moment ago are unaware of what we are participating in. Ladies and gentlemen, 200 agents trained to be agents of influence and to influence in the interest of France. We need global entrepreneurs to face them. And give wealth to Poles. Time's up. Grzegorz Braun answers. Well, we need to regain independence. We should not hang Polish interest, Polish raison d'état, on foreign pegs. Regardless of where that peg is located, whether in Washington, Moscow, Berlin, London, Brussels, Jerusalem, Tel Aviv, we need to pursue our own policy and make good deals. To make these good deals, we need to normalize relations with our closest neighbors first and foremost. There is life outside this entanglement of current Polish policy dependencies. There is EFTA, the European Free Trade Association, there is BRICS, a very promising project because it is not based on political doctrines, but on prospects of profitable economic exchange. One should not pursue a one-vector policy. Let's regain independence. And one more answer to that question. Sławomir Mentzen. Donald Trump primarily seeks to protect American interests. In this particular case, he is doing it ineptly, because I am convinced that everyone will lose on these tariff wars, including the United States. But the tragedy is that Poland is unable to protect our interests, because the European Union is entirely responsible for our customs policy. It is completely obvious that the European Union will prioritize the interests of Germany and France, not Poland. After all, the European Union is responsible for inundating the Polish market with Ukrainian food that does not meet our standards. The European Union is responsible for the Mercosur agreement, which will allow Germany to sell its industrial goods to South America, and South America to flood Europe with its cheap food, destroying Polish agriculture. The European Union has, after all, destroyed the Polish transport industry to the benefit of German and French companies. So let's not strive for further European Union integration, because there will simply be more and more situations where Polish politicians will have no means to protect Polish interests. Thank you very much. Piotr Witwicki will ask the next question. Well, my question, ladies and gentlemen, is proof that it is difficult to escape the US president, although the topic will be a little different, but this is not the first such debate where we are unable to escape topics related to the USA. Donald Trump is conducting peace talks between Russia and Ukraine, guided, of course, by US interests. What is Poland's fundamental interest in this matter today? How do you, Madam or Sir, intend to secure it? First, Marek Jakubiak. One might say, as usual. Ladies and gentlemen, the Ukrainian-Russian war is very complicated. It is based on emotions, blood, tears, broken families, abducted children, and Donald Trump probably unknowingly entered it without knowing all that. And here I have a complaint, that today peace should prevail in Ukraine so that people would stop dying. And this is the kind of point that Donald Trump is making, that first and foremost, peace. I don't know who in Europe wants this war to continue. I have no idea why these Ukrainian issues are constantly being stirred up, as they cannot agree with the interests of the Ukrainian nation. I have no idea what is happening here. However, Ukraine must be supported, and actions aimed at peace must be supported, ladies and gentlemen. Now Szymon Hołownia. Of course, Poland's raison d'état is peace in Ukraine, but a just peace, not one where someone who has stolen 700,000 Ukrainian children and wants to occupy five provinces of Ukraine, a sovereign country, will be able to get away with it and say that nothing happened. We must build agreements that will aim to force Russia to come to the table, as recently happened in Kyiv. And we must talk tough with Ukraine, because we must be in this process to achieve three important things for us. First, contracts for the reconstruction of Ukraine. I myself have spoken twice about this with President Zelenskyy. How important this is for us. We were the first to help, we should be the first in line. Secondly, the continuity of exhumations in Volhynia. Thirdly, let Ukraine give us these civil defense and civilian protection technologies that they have specialized in during these years of war, because we need them, because we are rebuilding today. There will be no war here, but we want to finally build a truly effective civil defense. And now Krzysztof Stanowski. Mr. Rafał, in 2014, you lamented on Twitter that PiS would drag us into war with Ukraine if we started helping them. Then I read your book and found that you were the first to know that Ukraine needed help. I'm getting lost in all this. We had a chance to talk for two hours recently. You told me that you were always in favor of reparations and that you always told the Germans that they had to repay the war debt. I don't like it when someone lies to me, to be honest, and I like to return to it. I'm a bit resentful. You can't find your appeals for reparations from Germany anywhere. However, you can find your tweets in which you ridiculed, mocked reparations. You wrote that we should also demand reparations from the Swedes, from the Finns, from the Mongols. You can't have every opinion on every topic, depending on who asks. Really, let's be serious. You are to be president. I believe that a person over 50 should already have a backbone. Adrian Zamberg: Ladies and gentlemen, our most important task is to ensure Poland's security, the security of our borders, but this security is threatened by imperial policy, by the breaking of the principle of non-aggression in international relations, and therefore, Poland's raison d'état is a just peace on our eastern border. Just, meaning one that the Ukrainian society will also agree to. This is Poland's raison d'état, because Poland's raison d'état, contrary to what some may think, is that Russian troops should not be stationed in Lviv, and the collapse of the Ukrainian state, the loss of sovereignty by Ukraine, would lead to precisely that. Therefore, it is in our best interest that Ukraine defends its sovereignty, and that the sacred principle of non-aggression returns to international relations. I will remind you of the question, what is Poland's fundamental interest today in the Russian-Ukrainian war, and how do you intend to secure it? Now it's Rafał Trzaskowski's turn to answer. Mr. Krzysztof, ever since I worked in the European Union in Parliament, I clearly stated that Russia was a threat and that Ukraine should be a buffer zone. You will find evidence of this. However, the interest of the United States and the interest of the European Union are exactly the same, namely, Russia cannot win this war. And it is clear that we all want peace, but this peace must be on fair terms. And this needs to be explained to President Trump. Not just taking a picture with him, but discussing it thoroughly with him and with Republican politicians. The threat to world order, if Putin could sell the end of this conflict as his victory, would weaken both the security of the United States and the security of Europe and Poland. We must deter, because Putin only understands the language of force, and that is why we must rearm, that is why we must secure our borders, and that is why we must convince Europeans, which is finally happening, to take the issue of security seriously. Putin understands nothing else. Now Karol Nawrocki. My visit to the White House clearly upsets my older colleagues who lack backbone. This refers to Mr. Stanowski. Ladies and gentlemen, the strategic interest of the Polish state is, of course, to push back the threat of neo-imperial, post-communist Russia as far as possible, so that peace in Ukraine is lasting, just, and not just a delayed war. This is obvious. It is also worthwhile for the Polish president to participate in discussions, or even for the Polish prime minister not to be sent to the second car by the German chancellor, but for Poland to actually be part of these negotiations on the international stage. Here, relations with the United States, not just photos, but also relations, are very important. However, I also remind you that we should never fall into over-optimism regarding Ukraine's entry into the European Union or NATO, or allow the threat of unfair competition from Ukraine. We also have our national interests there. Now Marek Woch. Ladies and gentlemen, every war is evil. Wise people, whom politicians should have listened to, would have replied that if you want to win a war, don't start it. However, when it comes to Ukraine, ladies and gentlemen, peace must be achieved, and here the future president must make efforts to achieve peace, because as far as interests are concerned, and that was the question, these interests have been secured by the United States of America, because an agreement has already been signed for the extraction of minerals to cover the costs of the equipment that was supplied for the war. Ladies and gentlemen, as far as history is concerned, that is one thing, because exhumations were also mentioned here. I have been hearing about exhumations for over 30 years and I will probably hear about them for the rest of my life, I don't know how long it will last, because politicians are ineffective in this regard. However, when it comes to wars, please note, in World War II, 8 million Poles died, meaning mostly civilians, not soldiers, and the same applies to Ukraine, so politicians should strive to avoid wars. Now Joanna Seneszyn. Trump ridiculed himself promising to end the Russian-Ukrainian war within one day of his election. Well, the war continues to this day, and of course, it is in the interest not only of Poland, but of the entire democratic world, to end this war as soon as possible on fair terms. That is, we cannot allow Russia to run wild, to gain so much that it concludes that in a few years it might be worth attacking other countries, although Poland is not among them. Trump, unfortunately, conducts a policy that is exclusively in the interest of the USA. He wants access to rare earth metals in Ukraine precisely to – well, if he got it, then probably these negotiations with Russia would be faster. Well, I must remind you of the question, Professor. Donald Trump is conducting peace talks between Russia and Ukraine, guided by US interests. What is Poland's fundamental interest in this matter today, and how do you, Madam or Sir, intend to secure it? Maciej Maciak. Ladies and gentlemen, I don't regret that I stopped watching mainstream media, as such content comes from the mouths of my opponents here, like children from kindergarten repeating after their parents. I hear here repetition after, precisely, publications from mainstream media. Ladies and gentlemen, every truthful and wise person knows perfectly well that Ukraine will lose this war. The longer it lasts, the more Ukrainians will lose their lives. And after this great tragedy, they will start looking for culprits and blaming. I am afraid that with such a fragile political class as we have, these people will not be able to defend us from the nasty thesis that will appear, that it was because of you Poles that we Ukrainians died, and then we all have a serious problem. We must act as quickly as possible like Hungary, Slovakia, neutrality. Magdalena Biejat. Yes, that's right. Donald Trump is conducting these negotiations solely in the interest of how he understands the interest of the United States. This is not necessarily synonymous with the actual interest of his country. However, what we should do as Poland and as the European Union is to ensure we have a seat at the negotiating table. And I say "buy" with Russian money. I was the first in this campaign to say that it's time for the European Union to use frozen Russian assets, frozen in European banks, as part of sanctions. And this has finally happened. After pressure from Poland, but also other countries in our region, the first tranche of 2 billion euros has been released, which will be allocated to Ukraine's defense, to support our defense and our stabilization. And this is the path we should follow, using the resources we have, to ensure that this peace is concluded on terms acceptable to Ukraine and funded by the aggressor. Artur Bartoszewicz. Ladies and gentlemen, at our border for years we have had and still have to deal with a proxy war. Two hegemons, Russia and the United States, are fighting on Ukrainian territory. Today, the United States wants to end this process. We must find ourselves in this space, because unfortunately, the greater costs of the war have been shifted to the Republic of Poland, to us, to citizens, to our economy, to our society. We transferred weapons and military equipment. We financed the Ukrainian army. We are causing us to suffer as an economy and society through our decisions, because the neighboring nation benefits. We must end this process. We must settle all transactions that were carried out. We must also ensure that money flowing in for aid will not return here as investment funds and the takeover of Polish entrepreneurs. We must take care of our own interest, the interest of the Republic of Poland, sit down at the negotiations, and win against the United States. Thank you. Now it's Grzegorz Braun's turn to answer. Peace, not war, normalization, not escalation. It is in Poland's interest that we no longer be the biggest financial contributor to someone else's war, that we not be the guarantor of the policies of great powers played out over our heads. This is how it is today. 5% of GDP to Ukraine, disarming the Polish army for Ukraine's needs. Ladies and gentlemen, when this war ends, we will have a problem with the Banderite remnants of a fallen Ukrainian state. If, in addition, German armaments develop at our expense and a European Wehrmacht is created, it will be a difficult situation. It is better to avoid it. It is better to call for peace today. I have a clear record in this matter. Now it's Sławomir Mentzen's turn to answer. Poland has two fundamental interests there. The first is that Ukraine does not lose its independence, that it is not conquered by Russia, because of course we do not want Russian troops near Przemyśl or Rzeszów. And the second fundamental interest is that we cannot enter this war, we cannot be drawn into it, we do not want Polish soldiers to die. We do not want Russian bombs to fall on the streets of Polish cities, on our homes, on our blocks of flats. However, it is not in our interest where exactly the new border between Russia and Ukraine will run. Whether Crimea will be Russian or Ukrainian. If someone thinks otherwise, then the question is how they want to achieve this interest, because the Ukrainians no longer have the strength for it. And I hope that no one sane wants to send the Polish army to retake Crimea. How do I secure these interests? Well, first and foremost, I will not agree to send the Polish army to Ukraine. I will not agree to Ukraine joining NATO. We should focus on a strong Polish army. We need to build Polish ammunition factories and not get involved in this war. Thank you for those answers. We conclude the round of journalistic questions on foreign policy. And now, politicians will ask each other questions. So, just as in the first round, candidates can ask one question to one opponent. Question time: 20 seconds. Reminder: answer time 1 minute, and there's also space for a rebuttal. That's also 20 seconds. Marek Jakubiak begins. In Warsaw today we have quite a few nurseries. We need to be clear about this topic. I'll come back to it later. We have, ladies and gentlemen, a gigantic budget. We have a big city, with 1.8 million inhabitants, but unfortunately only 14 social care homes, which we talked about today. I ask Mrs. Senyszyn. The time for asking the question has expired. I will just remind you that we are still in the round of foreign policy questions. But the question was asked, so I understand now, Professor, how do you see the role of seniors in Polish society? How to establish them here? Do we need to take care of seniors, and very comprehensively? There are many problems to solve here, because, first of all, there has been no policy since 1990, social policy has been completely abandoned, including policy concerning seniors, pensioners, and retirees. Pensioners and retirees are currently one of the poorest social strata, because as many as 400,000 pensioners are starving, literally living below the social minimum. How could this have been solved? Well, among other things, funds from the KPO could have been allocated to various conveniences. But PiS did not do this during its rule, because it completely squandered KPO funds with its erroneous policy. There's room for a repost. Yes, I wanted to say in the context of foreign policy that it would be good if Europe adopted such conduct as the norm. However, I want to say, Professor, that it's easy to say that we have many nurseries when 7,000 places in nurseries are bought from private entrepreneurs. And I remind you, ladies and gentlemen, foreign policy is the topic of foreign policy. That's right. You should have stated that at the beginning. Now it seems you are leading. We said at the beginning, we talked about the rules of the game. Marshal Szymon Hołownia now asks a question. I have a question for MP Mentzen. 17,000 women serve in the Polish army, including my wife, a pilot in the air force. I have a question on their behalf, their families and loved ones. Do you share the opinion of your chief military advisor, Mr. Jacek Hoga, that women's military service turns them into "baba-chłopy" who will not be able to give birth to five or six children? Do you know NATO standards within this agenda, which concerns this? That is, will you take Mr. Hoga as the head of the National Security Bureau to the United States, where one-fifth of soldiers are women? I would not use such words, I would not employ them. However, I agree that the Polish army has significantly greater problems than the number of women in its ranks. At this moment, the average age of a Polish reservist, someone who has been trained and is currently able to be called up for military service, is 50 years old. Poland has five days' worth of ammunition reserves for war. Our annual production of 155 mm artillery ammunition is only enough for three days of defense for Ukraine. And despite this, for years, neither Platforma nor PiS have built new ammunition factories in Poland, and these are the real problems of the Polish army. Whether there are 1,000 or 2,000 women in the Polish military at the moment is irrelevant. What matters is that we need young, healthy, strong men who will also have weapons and ammunition. It is absolutely shocking that PiS and Civic Platform politicians did not realize that the Polish army needs ammunition. A randomly asked person on the street would say that we need soldiers, weapons, and ammunition, but Polish politicians did not realize this. Mr. Zielon Kostę, you obviously have no idea what the Polish ammunition stock is, and it's good you said that men - I'm continuing this statement - bringing women into the labor market is an insult to their femininity, let alone forcing them into physical combat. And since you presented yourself so beautifully in the previous round, I'll just add that you are 11th from the bottom when it comes to parliamentary activity in voting. I'll add that you last filed an interpellation three months ago... And now it's time for a question from Krzysztof Stanowski. A question for Rafał Trzaskowski. Let's forget about all this bickering. Let's do something good. A foreign question, so I'll ask, what can be done so that Polish children don't have to fly to the United States for treatment? That is, what will you, as president, because you might be one, you are the leader in the polls, do for people suffering from rare and very rare diseases, to end this begging on the internet? Yes, fortunately the government has also addressed this problem, and more rare diseases are now on the list, which can fortunately gain support and assistance from the state, and these children can fortunately be treated. I think that here, and I agree with you, even more effort is needed for the government to take rare diseases even more seriously, because indeed what you are talking about should be an absolute exception. Well, it happens, of course, everywhere in the world that good will from other people is also needed, because philanthropy functions all over the world, but the state should fulfill its basic functions here, and regarding this, there is full agreement, and I would be very happy to talk to you about it, because I see that you are involved in these matters. So, if we succeed, we agree to talk about how to expand these lists, how to pressure the government to address this problem even more thoroughly. Thank you very much. I hope it really succeeds. I'll hold you to your word, because I'm fed up with living in a country where these fundraisers are everywhere, and the state just watches. At the same time, I wanted to tell the TVs that yes, the help servers went down for some time after my appeal, but we've already raised almost 2 million zlotys in two hours. The servers are up, you can still donate to Ignaś today. Now Adrian Zandberg asks the question. A question for Mr. Karol Nawrocki. We've talked a lot about international security here, but the truth is that our security will largely depend on our defense capabilities and the equipment of our armed forces. You've mentioned many times that you positively assess Minister Błaszczak's actions. So I have a question: if so, why do Polish soldiers today have to buy their own personal equipment, even basic items like comfortable boots? To that question? Indeed, the personal equipment of soldiers is a matter that both the Ministry of National Defense and the Future Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces should diligently address. However, I highly appreciate what happened during the 8 years of the United Right government under Minister Błaszczak. American and South Korean contracts for K2 tanks and American HIMARS launchers. This was a process that gave us a sense of security, and it does not mean, Mr. Chairman, that we should forget about the personal aspect of equipping each individual soldier. This also includes good relations with both the John Biden administration and the Donald Trump administration. So, in this regard, Minister Błaszczak's performance, also in the context of the presence of 10,000 American soldiers in the Republic of Poland, I consider a good time for building the Polish and Adrian Zandberg has time for a rebuttal. Mr. Karol, it really wasn't a high bar to clear to ensure that soldiers of the professional army who serve the Polish state were equipped with comfortable boots and didn't have to buy basic personal equipment online. Unfortunately, for 8 years of your rule, nothing was done about this. A year and a half of the Civic Platform government with changes has passed, and Polish soldiers still haven't received comfortable boots. Mr. Chairman, Mr. Marshal, to Mr. Marshal Hołownia. I hope that no matter how this presidential race ends, we will be able to cooperate. But do you agree with the statement that our security must be based on two pillars? Good relations within the North Atlantic Alliance and with the United States, and our leadership role in the European Union, and that we will be treated as partners by the United States if we are strong in the EU. Please have no doubts about that. That is exactly right. Our North Atlantic Alliance, because it is our North Atlantic Alliance, is the pillar of our security. I often repeat that we are not in the European Union. We are the European Union. Every Polish village, every Polish town, we are in the heart of the European Union. Yes, of course, we need to take care of these pillars, we need to build other alliances. What Prime Minister Tusk is doing as prime minister, and I as Marshal of the Sejm, building the northern alliance, Poland's northern policy, an alliance with the Nordic countries, an alliance with the Baltic states, that is also a direction that needs to be pursued. However, I also want to refer to one thing I heard from Mr. Nawrocki after your question, that Russia should be kept as far away from our borders as possible, but he is skeptical about Ukraine in the European Union and NATO. Well, the European Union is right, Ukraine in the European Union, in NATO, that is Russia 1000 km further from our borders, and that is in the interest of the Republic of Poland. Costa, I am glad that we agree on this matter, and the Americans themselves expect in all these conversations that I have had, for example, that Poland will be much more active in the European Union, because the Americans precisely want the European Union to do exactly the same as Poland, which means taking the issue of security seriously, seriously securing our eastern border and strengthening our defense industry. Sharing responsibility. Now it's Karol Nawrocki's turn. I have a quote here. This question is for Mr. Rafał Trzaskowski. "We submitted a preliminary proposal to Brussels to accept 2000 people. First, we want to launch a pilot program in which we will offer to accept the first refugees." These are the words of Rafał Trzaskowski from July 2015. Mr. Trzaskowski was a minister at the time. So, we see that you supported migration, you created pilot projects. Has that changed today? Are you in favor of migrants forcing their way across Polish borders? You were preparing centers for immigrants under your rule, and you know it well. However, in 2015, I fought to secure the border. We fought to solve the problems of migrants in third countries. And I fought for it and succeeded in getting a provision that clearly states that we will not accept any migrants at all if we help Ukraine. And that is exactly what happened. Therefore, thanks to these provisions, no migration pact will come into force, because we have already done our part regarding responsibility for migrants. We simply helped Ukraine, and that is an absolutely clear matter. We secured the border that you did not secure. And what's more, the NCKU report shows that under your PiS rule, over 300,000 visas were issued in Asia, Africa, in marketplaces. That's what your migration policy looked like. Your Szefner's office. Don't laugh, the guy who's leading your campaign. That's exactly how it looked. You can talk and talk, but when it comes to doing it, we do it. We secure the border and also visa policy. Why did you vote against the law on... you didn't create a pilot program for 2000 from Syria? Now you answer my question. Mr. Vice-Chairman, we are returning to my question. Perseveration is such a word. You can't say anything without returning to PiS and saying, "You, you, Mr. Vice-Chairman, you introduced pilot programs in 2015." Your school is now in this debate, time for Marek Woch's question. Dr. Trzaskowski, just a quick clarification here. Non-partisan local government officials do not sit on your company boards, because you said non-partisan. I know that in recent years, party members have been attaching themselves to non-partisans. However, you took part in the Bilderberg Group meeting. Please tell me, if you were to become president, if you were president by the will of the nation, would you publish a report on such informal globalist meetings on the Internet, please. This is an ordinary conference where discussions take place about what is happening in the world. For example, I met President Trump's son-in-law there, whom I sat with at the table and discussed transatlantic relations. The head of NATO was there. Serious people come there to discuss what is happening in the world. And such meetings take place. But the most important thing is, and you know it well, to have experience in foreign policy. These are some fringes. The most important thing is to know about the European Union, to know about the North Atlantic Alliance, to have relations there, to be able to establish these relations. I have been doing this all my life and I have built effective alliances precisely to protect Polish interests. Whether it concerns securing our border, or creating a strong state in Ukraine to serve as a buffer between us and Russia, or building an energy union, thanks to which we could become independent from Russian supplies. This is real politics, not some meetings and conferences. The European Union needs to show that it has experience. Thank you. Doctor, I was asking if you would only publish information, so that there would be no conspiracy theories. Ladies and gentlemen, but I would like to, I did not arrange this with Mr. Krzysztof Stanowski, I received a letter. Dear Mr. Marek Marian Woch, presidential candidate supporting Wiktoria Kępa. Ladies and gentlemen, another fundraiser. I spoke with mother Ewelina today. Please support, ladies and gentlemen, because this is an urgent plea. This is my rebuttal. And now, the question will be asked by Professor Joanna Senyszyn. Please. Yes, this is a question for Sławomir Mentzen. You portray yourself as a defender of Poland's sovereignty against the European Union. Would you therefore support the denunciation of the Concordat, an international agreement that imposes many obligations on Poland, but gives us nothing in return? I do not intend to seek the denunciation of the Concordat. I see no connection between the Concordat, between Poland and the Vatican, and Polish independence under the Concordat. Nobody forces us to pay a lot for electricity. Nobody forces us to abandon internal combustion cars and switch to electric cars. Nobody conducts our customs policy to harm our agriculture or our industry. No one imposes various harmful left-wing ideologies on Poland through the Concordat. Therefore, I believe that the Concordat agreement is completely harmless to Poland. It is absolutely obvious that independent, sovereign states establish various forms of cooperation and sign agreements with each other. This is how independent states operate. However, it is important that these states remain truly independent, and unfortunately, the direction the European Union is heading in is leading to Poland losing its independence. If they truly, and I am referring to Trzaskowski and Tusk, agree to changes in EU treaties, perhaps we will cease to be an independent state altogether. Well, it seems you are unaware that the agreement with the Vatican, the Concordat, imposes many obligations on Poland, including financial ones. Among other things, it requires organizing catechism in schools, which children and young people no longer want to attend. It also finances certain universities and many other things, and gives nothing in return, which violates our sovereignty. Now it's time for Maciej Maciak's question. I would ask you to remind us of the content of the question, because then people will see how the answers deviated from it. But now it's time for your question. You are asking each other questions here. The round with our questions has passed. Now you are asking each other questions on foreign affairs. This is what it means, Mr. Zandberg, as a left-wing internationalist, please name the countries and nations with whom we should not cooperate. The answer is very simple. Mr. Maciej, they should not be our friends and allies. Those who violate international law, those who pursue imperial policy, those who violate the sacred principle of non-aggression in international relations. If you are looking for a sympathizer of your, of Kremlin sympathies, you will not find him in me. No. We are talking about international relations. Perhaps we can understand from this that we were supposed to talk about that. Maciej Maciak has 20 seconds for a rebuttal. We had to talk about international relations. And here I hear, ladies and gentlemen, about tanks and bombs, and a song came to my mind. What do you have in your heads? Are your tanks, your bombs like zombies, ladies and gentlemen, this is some illness. Can't we pursue international policy like China does? They are liked and invited. The whole world will respect such a nation and such a country. Oh, your time is up. Magdalena Biejat. Now it's my turn to ask a question to Mr. Karol Nawrocki. Poland has so far supported Ukraine's aspirations for NATO membership. Of course, in the future, when the war ends. Meanwhile, during the last debate, you agreed with Sławomir Mentzen that Ukraine should never join NATO. Do you really stand by that opinion? Madam Speaker, I believe that until Ukraine starts treating Poland as a partner, and not as a junior partner. If it doesn't agree to exhumations in Volhynia, if Ukraine doesn't understand that unfair competition from Ukraine is destroying Polish businesses, agricultural businesses, transport businesses, then until then, Ukraine cannot count on my support for joining the European Union. Or NATO. Of course, there are strategic, geopolitical interests of the Polish state that need to be considered over decades, but Ukraine today isn't seeking dialogue with us on these matters that are important to us Poles. Poland is not an auxiliary farm for Ukraine, but it must be a partner of Ukraine, and we support, and I, as president, will also support Ukraine in defeating post-Soviet Russia. This is obvious. So, at this stage, I agree with what I said some time ago and I believe that in this form, Ukraine should not join either the European Union or NATO. Mr. Karol, I'll read something to you. "We believe that soon we will meet Ukraine in NATO, and later in the European Union." Do you know who this is? Lech Kaczyński. President Lech Kaczyński, because he knew that Ukraine in NATO would support Poland, that Ukraine in NATO is a condition of our security. And you are playing games and aligning yourself today with Russian agents like Mr. Braun and Mr. Maciak. Aren't you simply ashamed? This is an expression of my independence, Madam Marshal. I respect the President, but I call myself... Artur Bartoszewicz asks the question now. Doctor Trzaskowski, you and your supporters declaratively stand in defense of the Constitution of the Republic of Poland. At the same time, you are pushing for the European Green Deal. Is the European Green Deal consistent with the Polish Constitution? What do you know about this? There is no longer a European Green Deal, because the world has changed regarding the issue of supply chain breakdown and the need for us to invest in our industry and our competitiveness. Furthermore, we must, of course, fight climate change, we must pursue environmental policy, but without those burdens that were too high for us and the European economy in this situation, but we must indeed invest in green streets, in energy saving, in renewable energy sources. Finally, something has happened in this regard over the last year and a half, and we need to propose a real energy transformation, which we need. We also need to invest in zero-emission transport. This is exactly everything that I have been doing in Warsaw and what I am doing in Warsaw, because we need it. It is simply beneficial. We win on these types of solutions, and they do not harm our competitiveness, and that is exactly what we must do and are doing. Ladies and gentlemen, regardless of how the European Green Deal is re-narrated, the matter is simple. According to Professor Ryszard Piotrowski's analysis, both the concept of the European Green Deal and the solutions serving its implementation violate the constitution. Articles 1, 2, 5, 20, 21, 30, 317, 76, and 90. This is true. Now it's Grzegorz Braun's turn to ask a question. In one of the radio programs not long ago, President Nawrocki expressed the conviction that diplomatic relations with Russia should be broken off. Do you uphold that? And if so, how will you go about bringing back the Tupolev wreckage? Or is the truth about Smoleńsk no longer important to you? Will you send a punitive expedition? Or some kind of expeditionary force? Dear MP, at that time I used a term that I heard, to my delight, in many speeches by Mr. Sławomir Mentzen, my exact quote from the radio was that in an ideal world, we should not maintain relations with a state that is imperial, that is criminal, that murders civilians. So it was an attempt to lead us to an ideal world and isolate such a criminal as Vladimir Putin. Of course, in the situation we are in today, neither in an ideal world nor, unfortunately, in an ideal Poland. These relations will probably be maintained for many reasons, but I hope, dear MP, ladies and gentlemen, that what is happening today in Ukraine due to the Russian Federation, however naive this may be, will be the last act of the criminal activity of the Russian Federation. And now for Grzegorz Braun's rebuttal. What about the Smolensk wreckage? I see you've calmed down a bit, and that's commendable. Clearly, you have low resistance to media pressure. And well, you're chasing the ball that was hit. I'm a supporter of normalization, of a rational policy in relations with neighbors. Question from Sławomir Mentzen. A question for Szymon Hołownia and your coalition partner Donald Tusk went to Kyiv as part of the so-called coalition of the willing. The question is, willing for what? Perhaps to send troops to Ukraine? In connection with this, the question is, do you allow for the possibility of sending Polish troops to Ukraine? If so, under what circumstances? Under what situation? Of course, I don't allow it, and of course, we have repeatedly said that no one allows such an option. If you attended the Sejm more often, because you are a rare guest there, you would know that these phrases have also been repeatedly uttered from the parliamentary rostrum. Today, what Donald Tusk is doing, and what every Polish leader should do within this coalition of the willing, is to restart strong Polish presence in the European Union and also to draw Ukraine's attention to what I just said. Securing our interests in relations with Ukraine. This cannot be done by giving such or other interviews, because that will not create contracts for Polish companies to rebuild Ukrainian power plants, roads, border crossings. For that, you need to be at the table. In diplomacy, there is one rule. Either you sit at the table, or you are on the menu. You propose the latter solution to Poland, and perhaps that is why it is good that you will not become the president of the Republic of Poland, and you now have time for a rebuttal. Uh, I'm very happy that you've come to your senses, because in December 2023, you said that you would allow such a situation if it were under the NATO umbrella, so I'm very happy that you no longer do, but I asked under what circumstances, you said under no circumstances, and then you clearly stated under what circumstances it would be possible. I will not agree to send Polish troops to Ukraine, regardless of the circumstances, no Polish soldier will stand in Ukraine. And that was the last answer, or rather a rebuttal related to the previously asked question. Thus, we conclude the second round, which is foreign policy. And the next point of the debate is mutual questions. Now on any topic. Here, again, we have 20 seconds for a question. Candidates have 20 seconds for a question, one minute for an answer, and 20 seconds for a rebuttal. And the first question, according to the drawing, will be asked by Krzysztof Stanowski. I have a question for Mr. Grzegorz Braun. One of your campaign slogans is that you are the only candidate who never changes his mind. You once said that if someone wants to harm Poland, they will send two brotherly nations against each other, meaning Poles and Ukrainians, and that you dream of Ukrainians buying tenements in Poland, and Poles in Ukraine. So what has changed? Nothing has changed, dear editor. The context has changed, but what remains unchanged is that I am simply kind to people, and I have not wished for hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians to be buried, and I have not wished for Ukrainians to become the first victims of this war, which is also prolonged by their current Kyiv Banderite regime. I called for peace when it was not fashionable, and at the same time, I opposed the Ukrainization of Poland when it was not fashionable. When I said 10, or maybe even more, years ago that I saw the possibility of peaceful coexistence between our nations, please note, I talked about transactions, not about us spending 5% of our GDP on Ukrainians. I don't know if, when talking about buying up tenements in Rzeszów or Przemyśl, you were then talking about Ukrainization of Poland. I don't think so. In any case, it would probably be good if you spoke more often about the brotherly nation and less often about Banderites, because lately I haven't heard any positive description of Ukrainians from your lips at all, and meanwhile, years ago they were very common. And now Maciej Maciak asks the question. Well, who should I grace with a question? Perhaps the Confederation. We have two candidates from the Confederation. They divide the electorate in half, I hope equally. And each of them has such postulates, for example, Atom, a larger army, this is for Mr. Mentzen. Is this larger army to be subjected to the rule of bad, bad politicians, because that's what you're appealing for? No, I'm appealing for a strong army so that we can have it. But under whose rule? Well, they are under the rule of Poland, the Polish government, the Polish president. It is completely obvious that Poland needs a strong army under full Polish command. I do not agree with various strange ideas to support some European army, which no one knows who will command. A Polish soldier must be commanded by a Polish officer, and that officer by a Polish commander-in-chief. And it is very important that we have our own Polish strength, so that we do not depend on any competitors. I know that, unfortunately, not all Polish politicians would make good decisions for Poland. However, then we could at least have hope that they would try. However, if foreigners decide the fate of Poland, they will certainly not take into account our interests, but the interests of other countries, whether Washington, Berlin, or Moscow, as in your case. Ladies and gentlemen, the same issue concerns reparations, which various circles demand, while at the same time criticizing the current government. Should we then give this government money from reparations? The same applies to nuclear power plants, which Mr. Grzegorz Braun demands. Let them do it. Yes. And they will certainly do it well. Thank you. Magdalena Biejat asks a question to Rafał Trzaskowski. Since we want to introduce shortened working hours with the same salary, we hear from Szymon Hołownia that there is no money for it. When we want to introduce fair taxes so that the rich contribute to the state budget, we hear from you that it's not time yet, because we can't afford it, because we are a developing country. So I have a question, when will we finally be able to afford it, in your opinion? When will it finally be time for us to be a European welfare state? Madam Speaker, these are two completely different issues, namely, I am against raising taxes and we currently need an economy that will develop very quickly. That's not the way forward. However, as for shortening working hours, the world is changing completely due to new technologies. And I hope that soon Polish women and men will indeed be able to work less, not more. And that we will also listen to the voice of the younger generation, which clearly tells us that they would like to have more time for their friends, for their family, that they don't want to work like these generations, like ours, like the generations of our fathers, grandfathers, who worked non-stop. We will see if we can afford it. Perhaps yes, when it comes to these types of solutions. I am ready to talk also with the left. However, of course, responsibility is most important in these matters, but I will never close myself off to such conversations. And so we can talk and talk indefinitely. Meanwhile, please. Poland is the 21st largest economy in the world, and it's high time that after years of transformation, those who worked hard for this prosperity could benefit from it. There's really no reason for us to keep waiting indefinitely for shorter working hours, for effective healthcare, for access to housing, because if we only talk like this, we will wait further. Now Marek Woch will ask a question. To MP Grzegorz Braun. In COVID, you were a spokesman for normalcy, because as a result, we have 200,000 excess deaths, tens of billions of empty money, and inflation was at 14% at some point. Doctors still have ongoing proceedings for treatment. If you become president, what do you intend to do about it? Will you return to clarifying these matters? Ladies and gentlemen, yes, a quarter of a million people died prematurely not from a virus on a TV screen, but as a result of the blockage of the healthcare system, a blockage that was jointly introduced by both the United Right and the then total opposition, now the smiling democracy fighting against Poles. Yes, these are crimes, ladies and gentlemen. This was putting the public in danger. This was violating constitutional rights, medical confidentiality, the right to privacy. This was the destruction of hundreds of thousands of businesses in Poland. And if these crimes were to go unpunished, what kind of Poland would that be? Yes, the Nuremberg 2.0 project, which I initiated at the time, gathered quite a lot of evidence, and we will return to it, but we need to regain independence. 20 seconds and a post. Thank you very much, because during COVID, I worked in the office of the spokesman for small and medium-sized enterprises, where some people had a problem with the fact that we didn't close the office, I worked from dawn till dusk to save tens of thousands of entrepreneurs who employ people, who incurred huge costs. When I become president, ladies and gentlemen, a compensation fund, because these people did not receive compensation for this tragedy. Time for the next question. Sławomir Mentzen. I have a question for Karol Nawrocki. In your program, as well as in your statement today, I found an interesting tax proposal regarding the introduction of a tax-free amount of 140,000 PLN for every parent with two children. Therefore, the question is, how much exactly would this cost our public finances? Have you calculated it? Yes, of course, I calculated it, but not personally. You probably didn't expect that. For such things, there are, of course, advisors and those who cooperate with me. If we consider the budget gap, the VAT gap, the VAT gap that exists in the Polish budget today, then from this gap, after its elimination, and thus from the budgetary armor, which is also provided for in my contract with Poles, it will be possible to fulfill these postulates that I proposed in my contract. This also includes the tax exemption for parents of two or more children up to the threshold of 1400 PLN. My postulates also include, of course, increasing the second tax threshold from 120,000 PLN to 140,000 PLN. This is a postulate that results from my nearly 300 meetings with citizens, where people simply say that this is a certain limitation for those who aspire. If you calculated it, you don't remember the amount, because you didn't give it, and I calculated it, so I'll help. I found that the cost is about 36 billion zlotys, which is a huge hole in our budget, and you can see the old school of Mateusz Morawiecki here, which means proposing a certain tax reform, not thinking it through, not calculating it. And then only problems arise, because taxes need to be simplified, lowered together with the reduction of expenses. Now Grzegorz Braun asks the question. Mr. Rafał Trzaskowski introduced an exclusion and discrimination zone in the center of Warsaw. There, dear young, mostly compatriots, your perhaps not newest car will not enter. How does this reconcile with this rhetoric of equality? You lead sodomite parades, but you exclude normal people from entering Warsaw? Again, you just insult people. which should never happen, and I think you should intervene in such a situation. However, when it comes to these zones, I will tell you what PiS did. PiS did the worst thing, namely they signed blank checks, let me clarify, blank checks. Yes, blank checks. They signed everything blind when it came to obligations to the European Union, and Morawiecki even introduced the obligation of a clean transport zone. One moment. In all cities of 100,000 inhabitants. And they still didn't take any money from the European Union, because everything was blocked. However, I will ensure that as much money as possible from the EU budget goes to Warsaw. As much as possible for these green investments, which benefit everyone, for green streets, for energy saving, for public transport. And yes, I spoke with parents and children suffering from asthma, and these nitrogen compounds produced by the oldest cars, these nitrogen compounds simply poison children, and we now have many questions from Karol Nawrocki and deaths. Still, still a rebuttal. Still a rebuttal. Yes, this is a classic genre performance by Europhiles, globalists who want to discriminate against you, who want to make it difficult for you to build your own home, apartment, because they accept all these building directives, green, rainbow "Łady". They want to make it difficult for you to move around in the name of fighting for imagined human health. The previously announced Karol Nawrocki. His question. A few minutes ago, we heard that the Green Deal no longer exists. That's what Rafał Trzaskowski announced. Meanwhile, in Article Seven of the treaty between Poland and France, signed on Friday by Donald Tusk, there is the implementation of the Green Deal in its worst form with green taxes. So I wanted to ask Szymon Hołownia, does he support the Green Deal, as you have repeatedly tried, you are trying to make it out that you are pulling out this Green Deal, not only the Green Deal, for that matter, and you are trying to scare children with it like a monster that no one has seen and will not see, but it grows from story to story. Today you can continue to scare people with the Green Deal, if you want, but this is just talk, empty words. Today you should do everything to fight with us to delay the entry into force of ETS2, because that is indeed a problem today that Polish companies, transport, agriculture, and homes will face. We should talk about that. We should talk about why your environment blocked Polish wind energy for so many years and only now are we undoing it. Where were you when we, in 2024, ensured that 30% of Poland's energy mix is already from renewable sources? We are now building the largest energy storage facilities in Europe. We are building wind farms in the Baltic Sea. Talk about your effectiveness in what should have been done long ago. My question to you, as you claim to be the future president. Will you be an ally in this with wise and sensible people... Time for a rebuttal? You, you are talking to me or to my wife, or what's going on, Marshal? No, but you are repeating, Marshal, that in Article Seven of Donald Tusk's treaty with France, there is also ETS2, which is a very current matter. I am saying what thousands of Poles all over Poland are telling me. The Green Deal is destroying Polish farms, destroying Polish forests, destroying electricity prices. It's time for a question from Joanna Senyszyn. A question for Marek Jakubiak, in reference to his legitimate concern for Polish seniors. Many of them are so-called "fourth-floor prisoners." How can this problem be solved to free them and allow them to leave their homes? Hmm. Well, you asked me a difficult question, because I know that such situations occur. I know that social welfare helps in this regard. However, the truth is that where there is no elevator, a person in such a state of health should not live. And here, nothing can be bent to that. There simply must be an elevator. External elevators are often used. Internal elevators specially adapted for this purpose are also used. However, I think this is covered by the program. Warsaw even has, if I read the 2024 budget, some funds allocated for this, and in millions of zlotys. So, but I understand that your question is about whether or not to care for elderly people. I just want to make you all realize, all of you who are young, that someday you will be old, and these old people, seniors, built this country, and it is worth fighting for the well-being of our seniors, because they are our roots. And now Joanna Seneszyn's rebuttal. Yes, elevators are indeed the best solution, because then seniors who can still walk around their apartment but cannot walk up stairs will be freed. Unfortunately, very often the conservator of monuments does not even agree to install an elevator in buildings that are, well, monuments. Time for a rebuttal. Now Artur Bartoszewicz asks the question. Doctor Sławomir Mentzen. In a viral video on the internet, two underage girls say they would vote for you because they like beer and vodka. The degradation of the young generation by alcohol and beer advertising is happening. Why did you organize the "Beer with Mentzen" campaign aimed at young people? Are you unable to meet young people soberly? Are you in favor of banning beer advertising? In recent months, I have met with young people nearly 340 times, often quite soberly, so I have absolutely no problem with that. However, I believe that a politician does not have to pretend to be a rigid person who never drinks beer, but is always in a suit and pretends to be mortally serious. It is completely normal to meet people over a beer. Beer is an old, very common drink in our culture, and Poles talk to each other over a beer. I think this is a very good tradition. I have already had five editions of "Beer with Mentzen." These are really very pleasant meetings, which I invite everyone to. I personally like them very much. Looking at the attendance, it seems to me that the participants also do. However, of course, unlike the young girls you quoted, I do not drink vodka, I do not like vodka, I do not recommend it to anyone. However, beer is simply pleasant to drink. I have nothing against beer being advertised. Let's not make beer some terrible thing. Poles like and drink beer. Time for a rebuttal. A wise politician defends society, especially young people, from alcohol degradation. You don't defend, you prey on young people. By law, beer advertising cannot be directed at minors. It cannot be shown to them. It cannot associate alcohol consumption with physical fitness or driving. It cannot evoke associations with sexual attractiveness, relaxation or rest, study or work. And it is completely the opposite. Now it's Szymon Hołownia's turn to ask a question. I will ask it to Mrs. Marshal Biejat. We differ on many issues, but I want to ask if we will be able to cooperate. I spoke about this bill, which I will still submit, concerning a ban on smartphones in primary schools, the National Institute of Digital Hygiene, and digital safety training for children for parents. If you were president, would you sign such a bill? And a second question, because it seems that we are fighting the same battle against banks for lower margins. Will you sign a bill on a tax on excess profits, which will cover banks and allocate it to housing? Yes, of course, I will sign the bill on the tax on excess profits, but that law will not be enough to lower the cost of credit, because it affects the fact that these excess profits, which were enormous, 40 billion zlotys last year, will partly go back to the state budget and, for example, finance the housing fund, for the construction of rental housing, but there is still a lack of order with mortgage loans. In Poland, the average new mortgage loan costs over 7%. It is burdened with a huge margin and surcharges. In the old EU, it's not even 4%. It's time for us to finally bravely deal with this. And regarding school, yes, our school needs more support in protecting children from digital threats. I believe that the path leads primarily through education and training for children, adults, and teachers. In my school, we jointly introduced a ban on phones in schools, in our school. We are very happy about this, because children spend time together during breaks. I encourage everyone to do this, but first, everyone must understand where this threat comes from and why we must counteract it. I am very happy about this declaration, and yes, I also agree that one enters politics to bring about change, to implement values, to achieve goals, and from my side, there is also a firm "no" to any bills with credit subsidies. We will also fight for personal assistance. We will fight, even though our coalition partners, the finance minister, are blocking this bill once again, we will fight to the extent that if it doesn't pass, I declare, we will leave the coalition. Next question. Marek Jakubiak asks it now. Yes. Well, I have to make a small digression. Another tax on excess profits. This is something that would require a change in the law. Banks have already secured their own law and a privileged position. But I understand you are now using the time for a question. But I understand what I'm doing. Please don't tell me what to do. However, a question for Mr. Trzaskowski. Are you not outraged by the situation involving Donald Tusk and his being placed in some second-class seats while the rest of the world partied in the lounges? He has some total obsession. I mean, you're not focusing on what's most important, but on some media images. What's most important? The most important thing is that the Prime Minister of Poland, the Prime Minister of Great Britain, the President of France, and the Chancellor of Germany went to Kyiv to clearly discuss the prospects for peace, to show that it cannot be done without Europe, that Ukraine cannot be rebuilt without Poland, that Poland should benefit from this. They are talking to Trump and convincing Trump, and this is exactly how Europe should act under Polish leadership to pressure Russia, put total pressure on Russia, not on Ukraine. And thanks to this, Trump indeed agrees with Poland, agrees with Europeans and does exactly that. And this is the essence of everything that happened, not who arrived where in Kyiv. And let's be serious, it's very good that Europe is speaking with one voice on this matter and is then treated as a partner by Trump. It is able to convince Trump to put pressure on the aggressor, not on the victim of aggression. And now it's time for a rebuttal. Yes, this is just plain obfuscation. I saw the humiliated Prime Minister of the Republic of Poland, who was traveling in some freight car, while the rest were having fun in the lounge. That's point one. Point two, it's not the first time. In Berlin, there was also a meeting that divided the money that Ms. Biejat wanted to spend on housing, Russian money, and Mr. Prime Minister Tusk was also not there. Now Adrian Zandberg asks the question. A question for Marshal Hołownia. It's no longer a secret that MPs from all clubs and parliamentary caucuses, except for the Razem party, are flying around the planet on paper and collecting tens of thousands in mileage. I have a question for you as Speaker of the Sejm, because you can stop this with one signature, one decision. You don't need to agree on this with the cunning people from Civic Platform or PSL. Why haven't you stopped it? You know why? Because the Sejm I lead is a democratic Sejm, not a Sejm of dictators. I know that perhaps in the profile of such a sharp left, there is a dictatorship of the proletariat. Here, we have a dictatorship of principles and the Sejm Rules of Procedure, and also the possibility I create of being heard and hearing all voices. We are currently preparing in the Chancellery a change to the regulation regarding mileage expenses, which is the Marshal's order. We are preparing this change, so as to present it also for consultation to the Presidium of the Sejm and the Senior Convent, so that we can all make a decision on this matter. Of course, it will be my signature in the end, I will make these decisions. However, forgive me, as long as I am Marshal of the Sejm, I will talk about things that concern people with the people whom these things concern. That's why I conducted social consultations on bills in the Sejm, which didn't exist before. And in this matter, you know, when it comes to enforcing discipline among MPs, I am the Marshal who, it seems, has the least to blame for in the last 35 years. Rebuttal. Szymon, about listening to voices. In October last year, Marcelina Zawisza, the head of our committee, wrote you a letter about MPs abusing mileage and that it needed to be curbed. How many months have passed, several, and you haven't even replied on this matter. It really just needs to be done and cut off, because people see it and when they see it, it makes them sick. Now it's time for the last question in this series of questions. Rafał Trzaskowski. Yes, I have a question for Ms. Marshal Biejat, because, well, it saddens me that the Left is quarreling among themselves, because I would look for what unites us. Last time, I declared cooperation regarding housing. However, now I think that both you and I are concerned about the crisis in psychiatry. Is this the kind of topic that we could jointly address? Whatever happens, of course, in the course of this election campaign? Of course, we could address it together, provided that you stop telling fairy tales about how lowering healthcare spending will increase competitiveness in healthcare and improve the quality of medical services, because this is one of the urgent crises we must address. A crisis affecting both adults and young people. A crisis resulting from the devastating collapse of psychiatry, especially child and adolescent psychiatry, which has been ongoing for years. It is the result of years of neglect. But we will do nothing until we increase funding for healthcare. And if you join the chorus of those who, like Mr. Szymon Hołownia, invent new tax breaks, new holes in this budget, in order to give gifts just before elections to one small group of entrepreneurs, without thinking about the consequences, for all of us, for the families of these entrepreneurs, for your family, for all these children we are all so worried about, we will not get far. So first and foremost, actions, not words. Actions as much as possible. Well, precisely in Warsaw, there is a whole network of clinics to deal with this problem, also scholarships for doctors who choose such a specialization. Well, I am looking for what unites us. I thought we would be able to talk about it. However, when it comes to entrepreneurs, such was the commitment of the Civic Coalition, and after these horrendous burdens introduced by the pseudo-Polish Deal, they need relief. I agree with that. Thank you very much. And with that, we conclude the second and final round of mutual questions. Now it's time for free statements. And free statements are the last part of our debate. Each candidate has one minute and 30 seconds to summarize and deliver their speech. The order of free statements was drawn. Szymon Hołownia begins first. Ladies and gentlemen, five years ago, we, people outside of politics, went to remove the first bricks from the wall that politicians had diligently used to divide Polish men and women for 20 years. Then we took a third way and drove a wedge into that wall. The structure wavered, and people, through that hole in the form of Seflix, suddenly saw each other. And later, we rolled up our sleeves and began to build a home. Brick by brick. On my part, it's going well. Involving people in making good law. No more impunity for parliamentary absences. An open Sejm is a home for Polish women and men. Elsewhere, it's sometimes different, but forward. From IVF to nurseries to funeral benefits, civil defense, state security, brick by brick. Although the guardians of that wall do absolutely everything to fill every breach in it, to raise it higher, and that Poland is only on their side, and that it is their Poland. A few zlotys to make things easier for people in terms of health insurance contributions. Blocked, to raise the wall between the self-employed and employees. In the wall surrounding the fat cats in state-owned companies, it's hard to move bricks, but we're chipping away, and we will chip them out. The wall around the interests of the big cats from banks and developers is also already crumbling. Brick by brick. On Sunday, a great celebration of our Poland. Ladies and gentlemen, every one of your votes is a priceless brick. You can decide whether you want to use it to build another wall, or whether it will serve to build a home for us. Now Ms. Magdalena Biejat will give her speech. Ladies and gentlemen, when I travel around Poland, you tell me very clearly that these elections are important to you, that you want your voice to matter. And I have important news for you. You can use your voice this Sunday to set the direction Poland should take. A vote for me is a clear signal that you no longer want half-measures, that you are tired of the same old promises made by the center-right, that you will no longer forget that it is finally time to introduce accessible housing, legal abortion, civil partnerships, well-functioning healthcare, reduced working hours, and that these changes simply must be implemented here and now, in this term. A vote for me is a vote for a new generation of the left, one that from street protests through workers' strikes to parliament and government always stands by your side and is not afraid to fight for your rights. It is a vote for a leader who is not here to eternally shout the same lofty slogans, but who rolls up her sleeves and is now, even in a difficult coalition, fighting for their implementation every day and who is not afraid to fight this fight to snatch solutions to your problems right here and now, because your life will not wait. A vote for me is support for solving, for a politics that is about solving your problems. If you want it to continue, if you want us to have a mandate, a mandate to achieve even more in this government, then on May 18th, go to the polls, vote for a new quality of politics, vote for me. Now Marek Woch will speak. Ladies and gentlemen, I am 46 years old. I was born in a village, Konkolewnica commune. I have six siblings and have been working for 30 years. I am currently an entrepreneur and lecturer. I started my adventure, ladies and gentlemen, with hydraulics. I know what hard work means. And when I hear two left-wing friends arguing here, because until recently Mr. Zandberg and Mrs. Biejat were in the same party, now they are separate, because Mrs. Biejat became a senator, she is a vice-marshal, and she says she can do something, and on the other hand, when asked by the professor, she said she can do nothing. I used to think that only Mr. Szymon Hołownia could do nothing, because he said so in every debate. And now it turns out that the ruling coalition can do nothing when it comes to workers' rights, entrepreneurial rights, health care, taxes, the Green Deal. Ladies and gentlemen, I really thought that when it comes to TVP in liquidation, it would be a serious, substantive discussion. I learned nothing. What do you propose to us as citizens, as future presidents in one, two, three, or five years, where Poland and our nation will be? Ladies and gentlemen, since I am the only spokesman for the excluded and the wronged, 50% of our society has no one to vote for, ladies and gentlemen, please vote for me on May 18th. Now Krzysztof Stanowski has the floor for a free statement. I must say, quite a nice TV contest show. "How they lie" - I liked it. Not the highest level. Looking at this level, I have the impression that Aleksander Kwaśniewski would win it in the first round, although I remind you that he was swaying drunkenly over Polish graves, so he also had his issues. Well, it is what it is. This TV contest show is mainly about swindling, no longer studios, but the entire presidential palace. Swindling through empty promises, promises beyond presidential competencies, pulling the wool over people's eyes. You can win such elections with a nuclear power plant, peace in the world, gasoline for 5.19, whatever. The point is for you to cast your votes, and for someone else to profit from it. A big swindle. Nevertheless, it was worth coming, because at the beginning of this program, there was 11 million to collect, now there are eight. We collected three, which is three more than will come from all these promises and bluffs that have been made here today and for 20 years, because it's just bickering about who stole more. It's about insulting each other. It's a choice between some who want to jail others, and others who want to jail the first ones. And some want to put some people in state-owned companies, and others want to put others. And there's nothing more to this whole bickering. At least I don't see any sense in it. Sławomir Mentzen, time for a rebuttal. No need for a rebuttal. I completely agree. I'm glad I can at least agree with you in this debate. It's high time, after these 20 years, to finally end the era of PO-PiS. It's a shame for Poland to have further rule by these two around 70-year-old gentlemen, Tusk and Kaczyński. Let's finally break this duopoly, end it, give Poland a chance for any change. Now Mr. Marek Woch will speak. Ladies and gentlemen, no, the hypocrisy of the left here, which advocates for workers and employers, I have an observation here. I am an employee, I pay health insurance contributions. I am an entrepreneur, I pay health insurance contributions. And the question is, to whom? Yes. And to Ms. Biejad. Why does an employee and an entrepreneur pay health insurance contributions multiple times, even three or four times, from each employment title for their work? Health insurance is a system that clearly doesn't work, because it only generates further incentives, like from Mr. Szymon Hołownia, to create further loopholes in the healthcare financing system and at the expense of our health, at the expense of our access to healthcare, including those florists and tailors you like to talk about, giving gifts to the wealthiest entrepreneurs, bank presidents, well-paid IT specialists who can afford to contribute to healthcare. Therefore, we on the left have a concrete plan to liquidate health insurance contributions and replace them with a unified health tax, thanks to which everyone will contribute to the healthcare system according to their ability, but also fairly, so that the powerful of this world also pay for this system. In order for the Polish state to finally fulfill its constitutional obligation to provide good healthcare for everyone regardless of their financial status. And this is my question to Mr. Szymon Hołownia on this occasion. Why do you hate workers so much? Why do you treat them like fools and make them pay more and more all the time? Madam Speaker, Madam Senator, that was a simple question. Why are you telling workers nonsense, claiming that you care about their fate, when an employee has to work extra because they can't afford credit installments, which you mentioned, because electricity is getting more expensive, and because they are looking for additional employment on a civil contract or part-time, they pay health insurance contributions multiple times. That was the question, and you don't know the answer, so I'm guessing you want to abolish it now. He's clearly not responsible for that anymore. I will say that the senator is very charming in her theses. However, I would like to say that, ladies and gentlemen, there was talk of a duopoly of power just now. If a third party comes to power, there will be another duopoly. That changes nothing. Today, the phrase "direct democracy" has been used several times here. Referendums, the nation taking responsibility for the state. A question to you [unclear who] is not directed at anyone. We know who the question is for. Please listen, don't speak. Artur, please, tell me what you think about direct democracy. Ladies and gentlemen, without direct democracy, we are unable to stabilize the state. We are unable to break this duopoly. We are unable to bring about a situation in which the mutual destruction of the two largest parties, PiS and Civic Platform, which are in fact one party with two factions, is also destroying our society. If we do not separate these two parties, if we do not stabilize our own security, this is only possible through direct democracy, there will be no security for you, your children, no security for your parents, your fathers, mothers, grandmothers, grandfathers. Listen, ladies and gentlemen, this is a huge challenge. It requires only courage. Article four of the constitution unequivocally states that we can do this directly. We need threshold-free, binding referendums. We absolutely need a citizens' veto, so that we can not only appoint them, but so that we can recall all of them standing here, because they are not delivering results. Yes, ladies and gentlemen. He who appoints, recalls. The citizen, and this is a request to you. You must take responsibility for your own state. If you do not take responsibility for your own state, politicians will take that responsibility for you. Pretending that everything is fine leads us to nothingness. Direct democracy. What Kukiz '15 has been saying from the beginning makes sense. And please listen, because that sound means time is up. Time for the next question. Artur Bartoszewicz asks it. A question for Dr. Karol Nawrocki. You declaratively oppose, excuse me, the European Green Deal. The culture and heritage of Silesia is mining. The tradition of this region allows, ladies and gentlemen, to build its strength and developmental power. What is the current output in the mines? Centrum Kazimierz Juliusz, Murcki, Makoszowy, Krupiński, Wieczorek, Śląsk, Piekary. What do you know about this, doctor? Of course, I won't give you exact production statistics, but I will, of course, refer to this. I even have such an election slogan: mining, extracting, and developing the Republic of Poland. I am a supporter of black, black gold, meaning Polish coal, until we reach the most flexible and stable energy source, which is nuclear energy. Of course, renewable energy sources should be strengthened, but it must be clearly stated that they will not secure the development of the Polish state and our energy needs. Uh, so regarding the statistics for your specific question, I don't think anyone expects a candidate for president to have that kind of data in their head, but I will support Polish mining, Polish miners, and Polish metallurgy on our common path to nuclear power. Thank you very much, doctor. In all these mines, production is zero. Silesia without mining loses its identity. People lose their jobs. Their heritage is being liquidated. Under the Civic Platform government, KWK Centrum Kazimierz Juliusz Murcki was liquidated. Under the PiS government, KWK Makoszowy, Krupiński, Wieczorek, Śląsk, Piekary were liquidated. Ladies and gentlemen, under AWS, 17 coal mines were liquidated, and the mining disaster started with AWS. Now there is such a question. Karol Nawrocki now asks. I have a question for, can I still ask Mr. Rafał Trzaskowski? Yes. In the previous round, you asked Mr. Hołownia a question, so perhaps you can now ask Mr. Trzaskowski. Mr. Vice-Chairman, we have a head of mission in Washington who called Donald Trump unbalanced. In Rome, we have an ambassador who said that Poland and the European Union should pay for Nord Stream. So I have a question for you, would you sign the nominations for ambassadors Klich and Ambassador Sznepf in Rome? Mr. Karol, I will make decisions of this kind when I become President of the Republic of Poland, and then I will carefully consider who should receive a nomination and who should not. However, when it comes to active policy towards Trump, yes, such a policy must be pursued, and above all, Trump and the Republicans must be presented with our vision of our interest. We must clearly tell them that only through our policy will the European Union speak with our voice, and the Americans want exactly that, namely greater investment in security, because simply Europe must take on greater responsibility. This is exactly what will convince Trump to treat us as partners. And today this is absolutely crucial. I have experience, contacts with Republicans, and I will be guided, when making decisions regarding ambassadors, precisely by this – that they will strengthen my experience, that they will work to make our relations as close as possible and that our arguments will reach Trump. Excellent idea. Perhaps you will become the ambassador to Washington, I will become president, and Mr. Bogdan Klich will return to Poland. As for Mr. Sznepf, you are probably united by your support for Nord Stream 2, so probably on the basis of such a common understanding, you would sign it, Mr. Chairman, nonsense and a lie regarding Nord Stream, and excellent, meaning you would sign it, Mr. Vice-Chairman, you know it's nonsense and a lie. Now it's Grzegorz Braun's turn to ask a question. I can't ask Mr. Trzaskowski anymore, so I'll ask the second person in the state. Marshal, what do you know about Merkel's arrangements with Tusk? Do you confirm the sensational news that after the elections, the re-export of refugees, illegal immigrants, and migrants will start at full speed to Poland? I absolutely have no such information, nor any conviction that any Polish politician currently responsible for the state would agree to such a thing. We need to finally build sensible relations with Germany from a much stronger position than before, because it is in the interest of Poland, Poles, and Polish women. You often propose a world, or a Poland, that resents the entire world, turns its back on the entire world, quarrels with the entire world. Poles do not want such a world. Poles want to travel across Europe, they want to earn money, they want to seek their opportunities, they want to return to Poland. And that is what we should be talking about today. If we obsess over fantasies, for example, related to Germany, we will never build a strong Poland, one where trains or public transport take you from a small town to the provincial capital. We will never fix healthcare, which has been in disrepair for 35 years. I tell you that with migrants, there is no issue. The issue is closed. You can talk about everything with me, and it will always end with migrants. You hear it, ladies and gentlemen, the second person in the country has no knowledge. Perhaps the older and wiser ones do not confide their plans to Mr. Hołownia, but the German press praises their Prussian party in Poland, represented here by Mr. Trzaskowski, and also Mr. Marshal Hołownia. Globalists can always count on their subcontractors in Warsaw. The rebuttal time was ending, time for Krzysztof Stanowski's question. Since we're here, I can't resist. A question for Rafał Trzaskowski. You said that you employed non-partisan specialists in municipal companies. So I wanted to ask what incredible competences Tomasz Sygód has, that one day he manages municipal buses, and the next day Polish television, albeit in liquidation, but still Polish television. Mr. Krzysztof, I was talking about the heads of the largest companies, while Mr. Sygód was thrown out of television by PiS, because he is simply a journalist and a specialist and he dealt with, he did not deal with promotion, he dealt with precisely what he knows, information and promotion. However, the fact that he returned to television today, well, he was a journalist with many years of experience. He was expelled from television solely because he did not want to repeat lies and propaganda. And today he returned to this television, and believe me, Mr. Krzysztof, I had absolutely nothing to do with it. I must say that he must be an outstanding man, because this whole campaign from Polish Television is outstanding. No long interviews with candidates, you can't get to know them. Some debate with short answers, it's simply a joke, not a realization of public mission. But 100 programs where we hear that you are wonderful, and your opponents are stupid. I don't know if that should be the mission of television. I don't know if it's true, because I haven't watched it, but apparently, in this PiS's eight-year rule, Mr. Stanowski had a program on TVP Kurski, and that might explain this obsession he's now pursuing. Now Rafał Trzaskowski asks the question. Yes, I have a question for Marshal Biejat, because, well, it saddens me that the Left is quarreling among themselves, because I would look for what unites us. Last time, I declared cooperation regarding housing. However, now I think that both you and I are concerned about the crisis in psychiatry. Is this the kind of topic that we could jointly address? Whatever happens, of course, in the course of this election campaign? Of course, we could deal with it together, on condition that you stop telling fairy tales about how lowering healthcare spending will increase competitiveness in healthcare and improve the quality of medical services, because this is one of the urgent crises we must deal with. A crisis affecting both adults and young people. A crisis resulting from the devastating collapse of psychiatry, especially child and adolescent psychiatry, which has been ongoing for years. It is the result of years of neglect. But we will do nothing until we increase funding for healthcare. And if you join the chorus of those who, like Mr. Szymon Hołownia, invent new tax reliefs, new holes in this budget, in order to give gifts just before elections to one small group of entrepreneurs, without thinking about the consequences, for all of us, for the families of these entrepreneurs, for your family, for all these children we are all so worried about, we will not get far. So first and foremost, actions, not words. Actions as much as possible. Well, precisely in Warsaw, there is a whole network of clinics to deal with this problem, also scholarships for doctors who choose such a specialization. Well, I am looking for what unites us. I thought we would be able to talk about it. However, when it comes to entrepreneurs, such was the commitment of the Civic Coalition, and after these horrendous burdens introduced by the pseudo-Polish Deal, they need relief. I agree with that. Thank you very much. And with that, we conclude the second, and final, round of mutual questions. Now it's time for free statements. And free statements are the last part of our debate. Each candidate has one minute and 30 seconds to summarize and deliver their speech. The order of free statements was drawn. Szymon Hołownia begins first. Ladies and gentlemen, five years ago, we, people outside of politics, went to remove the first bricks from the wall that politicians had diligently used to divide Polish men and women for 20 years. Then we took a third way and drove a wedge into that wall. The structure wavered, and people, through that hole in the form of Seflix, suddenly saw each other. And later, we rolled up our sleeves and began to build a home. Brick by brick. On my part, it's going well. Involving people in making good law. No more impunity for parliamentary absences. An open Sejm is a home for Polish women and men. Elsewhere, it's sometimes different, but forward. From IVF to nurseries to funeral benefits, civil defense, state security, brick by brick. Although the guardians of that wall do absolutely everything to fill every breach in it, to raise it higher, and that Poland is only on their side, and that it is their Poland. A few zlotys to make things easier for people in terms of health insurance contributions. Blocked, to raise the wall between the self-employed and employees. In the wall surrounding the fat cats in state-owned companies, it's hard to move bricks, but we're chipping away, and we will chip them out. The wall around the interests of the big cats from banks and developers is also already crumbling. Brick by brick. On Sunday, a great celebration of our Poland. Ladies and gentlemen, every one of your votes is a priceless brick. You can decide whether you want to use it to build another wall, or whether it will serve to build a home for us. Now Ms. Magdalena Biejat will give her speech. Ladies and gentlemen, when I travel around Poland, you tell me very clearly that these elections are important to you, that you want your voice to matter. And I have important news for you. You can use your voice this Sunday to set the direction Poland should take. A vote for me is a clear signal that you no longer want half-measures, that you are tired of the same old promises made by the center-right, that you will no longer forget that it is finally time to introduce accessible housing, legal abortion, civil partnerships, well-functioning healthcare, reduced working hours, and that these changes simply must be implemented here and now, in this term. A vote for me is a vote for a new generation of the left, one that from street protests through workers' strikes to parliament and government always stands by your side and is not afraid to fight for your rights. It is a vote for a leader who is not here to eternally shout the same lofty slogans, but who rolls up her sleeves and is now, even in a difficult coalition, fighting for their implementation every day and who is not afraid to fight this fight to snatch solutions to your problems right here and now, because your life will not wait. A vote for me is support for solving, for a politics that is about solving your problems. If you want it to continue, if you want us to have a mandate, a mandate to achieve even more in this government, then on May 18th, go to the polls, vote for a new quality of politics, vote for me. Now Marek Woch will speak. Ladies and gentlemen, I am 46 years old. I was born in a village, Konkolewnica commune. I have six siblings and have been working for 30 years. I am currently an entrepreneur and lecturer. I started my adventure, ladies and gentlemen, with hydraulics. I know what hard work means. And when I hear two left-wing friends arguing here, because until recently Mr. Zandberg and Mrs. Biejat were in the same party, now they are separate, because Mrs. Biejat became a senator, she is a vice-marshal, and she says she can do something, and on the other hand, when asked by the professor, she said she can do nothing. I used to think that only Mr. Szymon Hołownia could do nothing, because he said so in every debate. And now it turns out that the ruling coalition can do nothing when it comes to workers' rights, entrepreneurial rights, health care, taxes, the Green Deal. Ladies and gentlemen, I really thought that when it comes to TVP in liquidation, it would be a serious, substantive discussion. I learned nothing. What do you propose to us as citizens, as future presidents in one, two, three, or five years, where Poland and our nation will be? Ladies and gentlemen, since I am the only spokesman for the excluded and the wronged, 50% of our society has no one to vote for, ladies and gentlemen, please vote for me on May 18th. Now Krzysztof Stanowski has the floor for a free statement. I must say, quite a nice TV contest show. "How they lie" - I liked it. Not the highest level. Looking at this level, I have the impression that Aleksander Kwaśniewski would win it in the first round, although I remind you that he was swaying drunkenly over Polish graves, so he also had his issues. Well, it is what it is. This TV contest show is mainly about swindling, no longer studios, but the entire presidential palace. Swindling through empty promises, promises beyond presidential competencies, pulling the wool over people's eyes. You can win such elections with a nuclear power plant, peace in the world, gasoline for 519, whatever. The point is for you to cast your votes, and for someone else to profit from it. A big swindle. Nevertheless, it was worth coming, because at the beginning of this program, there was 11 million to collect, now there are eight. We collected three, which is three more than will come from all these promises and bluffs that have been made here today and for 20 years, because it's just bickering about who stole more. It's about insulting each other. It's a choice between some who want to jail others, and others who want to jail the first ones. And some want to put some people in state-owned companies, and others want to put others. And there's nothing more to this whole bickering. At least I don't see any sense in it. Sławomir Mentzen, time for a rebuttal. No need for a rebuttal. I completely agree. I'm glad I can at least agree with you in this debate. It's high time, after these 20 years, to finally end the era of PO-PiS. It's a shame for Poland to have further rule by these two around 70-year-old gentlemen, Tusk and Kaczyński. Let's finally break this duopoly, end it, give Poland a chance for any change. Now Artur Bartoszewicz will speak. Fellow citizens, before you stands a citizen. A citizen who is ready to become the head of state. Ladies and gentlemen, you have heard slogans and indeed empty words repeated by so-called puppet candidates. Party promises, lies, hypocrisy are the essence of their programs. Puppets put forward by the heads of PO and PiS, people with the mentality of swindlers. They have already cheated firefighters, farmers, transporters, nurses, midwives, border guards, military personnel. They have cheated francophone loan holders and those harmed by Amber Gold, Getback, or Skok Wołomin. They have cheated all of us in the FOS scandal. They have cheated pensioners, retirees, and people with disabilities. Election polls, ladies and gentlemen, are lies and manipulation. During the campaign. The media ignored me throughout and are now attacking and destroying my person and my good name. As the only candidate, I have prepared a full socio-economic program, which I have posted on the website 777.org.pl. During all the debates, you got to know me. You also got to know my son. You will meet the candidate for First Lady in the second round. She is a phenomenal woman with a strong and courageous mind, immense academic and professional achievements. A lady that Poland and Poles are waiting for. Together we will perform a distinguished function and bring pride and dignity to Poles. Be brave, for you are intelligent. Vote for Artur Bartoszewicz. And now Grzegorz Braun will give his speech. Compatriots, let us regain independence so that we may live in safety and raise our children and grandchildren as Poles in safety. In the current state of affairs, this will not be possible if they lead us into the Ukrainian war, if they bring refugees, migrants, and interlopers to us as re-exports from Germany and the entire European Union, if they destroy our agriculture and mining with the Green Deal, if they disinform and deprave our children with the rainbow agenda. If Germans, Jews, and Anglo-Saxons teach our children history where Poles built death camps, where Polish Nazis were. That is what the minister in Warsaw says today. Ladies and gentlemen, we can stop this. We can live as free people, with dignity and safety. 120 Jewish organizations condemn me in recent days. Banderites place me on their proscription lists, but they are not after me, they are after you, ladies and gentlemen, and I am only standing in their way. Now it's Professor Joanna Senyszyn's turn to deliver a free statement. My dears, just like you, I want an undivided homeland, where Pole is not a wolf to Pole. Enough of bickering and quarrels. Let's respect each other. Differences are not a reason for hatred, contempt, insults, exclusion, and incitement. Let us be united in diversity and together build a better future for all of us. On May 18th, vote for a Poland where there is no need to fear war or poverty, where the state cares for the legitimate interests of workers, but also of parents raising children. It cares for youth and seniors, for women and all minorities. It helps develop honest businesses, and protects farmers from the competition of unhealthy and cheaper food from imports. Vote for a proven life story, not for a CV that changes depending on the polls. And on Friday, before dusk and the election silence, at 5:00 PM, I invite you for tea with me at Zbawiciela Square in Warsaw, on the eastern side of the Rainbow. Let's fill the square with love and joy. My dears, may the force be with us. We are going to victory. And now Karol Nawrocki. Dear Poles, dear Poles, substitute topics, fake news, half-truths, and often vulgar lies cannot take away your understanding of what the upcoming elections, which will take place on Sunday, are about. They are about your security, the security of you, your children, and also your grandchildren. We will be safe if there are no illegal immigrants in Poland. If we strengthen the Polish eastern and western borders and treat our borders as fortresses of the Polish state against the influx of illegal migrants. I will secure this and be the guardian of your security. I will strive for a unilateral denunciation of the migration pact. But these elections are also about whether the Green Deal ideology will destroy our farms, our forests. Or whether a foreign ideology will enter Polish schools, which need good Polish education, not something that is not ours and does not come from us. This coming Sunday, we must clearly say that Poland should remain Poland with its over 1000-year heritage, with its values, with its tradition. I want such a Poland. Vote for such a Poland. And now Maciej Maciak with a free statement. Ladies and gentlemen, all these treats that some candidates have cooked up for us here, they really won't happen. We are in a terrible situation, not only when it comes to war, but also when it comes to democracy. In this election campaign, I had no chance whatsoever to convince you. None at all. Minute-long statements only in some media, because Telewizja Republika, which holds a national license, refused me participation in their debates multiple times, even though it's a licensed activity. Polsat, represented here by Mr. Witwicki, such a scandalous statement by Mr. Witwicki directs you. If you want to know something, go to Russia Today. Unfortunately, Russia Today reports the truth much more often than Polsat. The same goes for the Washington Post. That's why I stopped watching Polish mainstream media, because it makes no sense. Ladies and gentlemen, all these people put a lot of energy into intonation, into style, because it affects us. Because it affects us. Their questionable talents do not bring us any benefits in contacts with other countries, or powers, or capital. Take this into account when voting. Thank you very much. Thank you, with that rush. I confirm what I said. Adrian Zamberg. Ladies and gentlemen, 20 years ago, Tusk and Kaczyński took all of us hostage, and for 20 years they have quite effectively convinced us that their war is the most important, and that their mutual hatred is the most important. And then one or the other takes power, and each time we are at a standstill, that nothing will change, that we cannot afford more, that we are still a developing country. In these elections, there are two groups of candidates. There are candidates blessed by Tusk. He blessed Mr. Hołownia, Madam Speaker Biejat, and of course Mr. Trzaskowski, who in his vision is to win the elections. There are also, as is known, candidates for whom Jarosław Kaczyński is rooting. One can pursue politics in Poland in such a way as to join one or the other of these arrangements. This is, of course, personally profitable, convenient, and easy, but then it perpetuates this whole pathology. Marshal Hołownia asked me what connects me to this boy who came to this studio 10 years ago to say that we can afford more, because I still believe in it, Marshal, unlike you, I have not given up on this matter. I believe that a different politics, a politics in the interest of millions of workers, not in the interest of millionaires, is possible, that we can have a Poland where healthcare works, not one where older people die in increasingly long queues. That we can have a Poland where housing is accessible to working people, not just to millionaires. That we can have a Poland without cronyism and the plundering of public property by those who are currently in power. Ladies and gentlemen, on May 18th, we can send Tusk and Kaczyński into retirement, it's high time. Thank you. Now Marek Jakubiak will speak. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, on May 18, 2025, elections will be held. Elections that will be described as important in our history. Jan Olszewski once said, in the famous night when some were counting votes, he went to the rostrum and said simple words. It's not about what Poland will be like, but whose Poland it will be. The late Jan Olszewski did not notice or did not appreciate, ladies and gentlemen, the situation, because today we must add one thing to that sentence: whether there will be a Poland at all. And I say this with full conviction, because behind our backs things are happening that are fundamentally understandable. The German press is describing all the agreements that will be implemented after these elections, because they are not allowed to be discussed before the elections. I am talking about immigration, I am talking about various strange situations, and I will tell you that my concern is raised by the fact that the disregard for the Polish Prime Minister in such a hideous and disgusting way is a result or a sign of how Poland will be treated after these elections. Therefore, I offer myself to you as a mature man with successes on my record, as a candidate for the Most Serene Republic. And now it's Sławomir Mentzen's turn to speak. Ladies and gentlemen, today I answered questions from my opponents, I answered questions from journalists. Tomorrow at 3:00 PM, there will be Mentzen Q&A live, on Szymborska passageway next to the Palace of Culture and Science in Warsaw. You can ask me questions. I will answer all your questions. If someone is not from Warsaw, I invite you to my YouTube channel. You can also ask a question there. And in this campaign, I have already visited about 340 Polish towns. Before the elections, I will visit all Polish counties, in each of which I will hold a meeting. I broke Andrzej Duda's record from 2015 for the number of meetings. And why do I put so much effort, time, work, and energy into this election campaign? Because I care so much about finally seeing something change in Poland after so many years, about finally moving forward on the most important matters for Poland and Poles. We don't have to agree on everything. There are probably no two Poles who agree on everything, but we can agree that it would be very good for everyone if the duopoly of PiS and Civic Platform could finally be broken, if Tusk and Kaczyński could finally be sent into retirement, and if things could finally be different in Poland. Believe that it is truly possible. Therefore, on May 18th, go to the polls, vote for change. Believe that Poland needs this change and that this change can be brought about. Go to the elections, take your families, your children, parents, grandparents, take your neighbors. Let's all go to the elections on May 18th and finally give Poland a chance. Let's change Poland. Now Rafał Trzaskowski. Ladies and gentlemen, these elections are, of course, about security. These elections are about economic patriotism, about equality of opportunity, so that everyone has the chance to receive exactly the same public services, regardless of where they were born or where they live. But recently, it has also become important to remember the most important values that should guide us. It is solidarity, it is empathy, it is respect and openness to others, to everyone. Building a community with everyone who wants to talk about Poland. Well, except, of course, those who think only about themselves, and not about others. And in these last days, it turned out how important values such as simply ordinary human honesty, decency, and selflessness are. Because, yes, we should help others, but in a selfless way, like transparency, but above all, like truth. Because a politician simply cannot be afraid of the truth. Truth must prevail, and that is the most important thing today. And of course, in the end, what I always say and what we cannot forget, namely, do not be indifferent. We must react if evil is happening. We must react if we hear a lie. And these elections are about that. Go to these elections. Mobilization is very necessary, because these elections are precisely about that. About honesty. I ask you all for your vote. And this is the last chance, a proposition, to behave honestly. Please, Mr. Karol. Please accept, read this, read it, and you will see how one can behave honestly. That was the last statement in the round of free speeches and the last point of the pre-election debate of the 2025 presidential candidates. We thank the candidates for participating in the debate, and you for your attention. The elections are this coming Sunday. We encourage you to participate. Thank you for this evening. Dorota Wysocka-Szep, Telewizja Polska. We don't know if it was the best debate, but it was certainly the longest. Thank you very much. Piotr Witwicki, Polsat and Interia. For me, it was certainly a unique event, because I was here after years, when in 2016 I left public media due to political pressure and interference with content that was then on air, and I found in TVN24 the opportunity to do independent journalism. Radomir Wit, TVN24 and TVN24 plus. See you.