Telewizja Polska invites you to the presidential debate, where 13 candidates for the highest office in the country will face off in the studio on Woronicza Street. Good evening. Good evening. Good evening. We warmly welcome you to the pre-election presidential debate organized by three television stations at the TVP studio on Woronicza Street in Warsaw. Dorota Wysocka-Szep, Telewizja Polska. Piotr Witwicki, Polsat News and Interia. Radomir Wit, TVN24. Welcome. All candidates participating in the 2025 presidential election are taking part in the debate. We present them to you in the order determined by drawing lots. Krzysztof Stanowski. Joanna Seszyn. Good morning, dear ones. Marek Woch. Good evening. Marek Jakubiak. I bow. Artur Bartoszewicz. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Magdalena Biejat. Good evening. Karol Nawrocki, good evening. Rafał Trzaskowski. Good evening to you all. Szymon Hołownia, good evening. Maciej Maciak, a warm welcome. Adrian Zenberg, good evening. Grzegorz Braun, may God bless you. Sławomir Mentzen. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. And now, ladies and gentlemen, these are the rules that will apply during today's debate. The debate has two thematic blocks: domestic politics and foreign policy. Each of the three journalists will ask one identical question to all candidates in both thematic blocks. Question time: 20 seconds. Answer time: 1 minute. In each thematic block, after answering the journalists' questions, candidates will be able to ask one question to one of their opponents. Question time: 20 seconds. Answer time: 1 minute. Rebuttal time: 20 seconds. The next point of the debate is the round of mutual questions. Each candidate will be able to ask two chosen candidates one question each. Question time: 20 seconds. Answer time: 1 minute. Rebuttal time: 20 seconds. At the end of the debate, each candidate has one minute and 30 seconds for a so-called free statement. The end of time for each question and statement will be signaled by a gong. All campaign teams participated in drawing the order of appearances and the order of answering questions. And it was the representatives of the campaign teams, ladies and gentlemen, who drew the order. All campaign teams also signed the drawing protocol, thereby confirming its fairness. So, let's begin then. And we begin with domestic politics. Each candidate receives the same question and has one minute to answer. And the first question is asked by Piotr Witwicki. It is worth mentioning here that the order of answers was also drawn, and Szymon Hołownia will be the first to answer. But now to the question. Poles often say that the president should be a statesman, and a statesman must be able to make the most difficult decisions. Do you have programme points that are not very popular today, but which you are ready to implement even against poll results, because you believe it is in our national interest? Szymon Hołownia. Now Maciej Maciak. Now Marek Woch. Now Sławomir Mentzen. To remind you of the question, do you have any points in your program that are not very popular today, but you are ready to implement them because you believe that the Polish raison d'état simply requires it? And now Rafał Trzaskowski. Well, you even used the time faster. And now Krzysztof Stanowski. Now Marek Jakubiak. Now Grzegorz Braun. I will now remind you of the question. Do you have any points in your program that are not very popular today, perhaps in polls, but you are ready to implement them even against poll results, because you believe that this is simply our national interest? And now Artur Bartoszewicz begins this round. Adrian Zamberg. There's still a little time left, but I think you can start now. Magdalena Biejat. Joanna Szeszyna. Thank you for all your answers. You heard the question, it was open, but there were also courageous answers. I remind you that according to the rules of this debate, because it is already swarming with gadgets, they are not allowed. All the teams agreed to this. I also mention for the future that mobile phones are not allowed. Well, time. The second question. Therefore, ladies and gentlemen, Poland is depopulating dramatically. In 75 years, there may be fewer than 20 million of us. At the same time, studies show that Polish women are giving up motherhood because they fear anti-abortion law that threatens their lives. Thus, the demographic catastrophe is closely linked to this law. What do you, sir or madam, want to do to change this? Szymon Hołownia answers first. That was Szymon Hołownia, and now Mr. Maciej Maciak. Please. And now Mr. Marek Woch responds. And now it's time for Mr. Sławomir Mentzen's statement. So I will repeat the question. Poland is depopulating dramatically, and at the same time, studies conducted 2 years after the ruling of Julia Przyłębska's Constitutional Tribunal showed that over half of Polish women are giving up motherhood precisely due to fear of restrictive anti-abortion law that threatens the lives of Polish women. The question is, what do you intend to do about this problem, and Rafał Trzaskowski will answer now. That was Rafał Trzaskowski. And now it's time for Mr. Stanowski. In addition to Mr. Stanowski, I will also quote Professor Bartoszewski, who once said that when a drunk person vomits on me on a bus, it is not an insult, it is unpleasant, not everyone can offend me. And now Mr. Marek Jakubiak will speak. And now it's time for Mr. Grzegorz Braun's statement. I will remind you of the question once again. According to forecasts, in 75 years, there may be fewer than 20 million Poles. At the same time, studies show that Polish women are giving up motherhood because they fear restrictive anti-abortion law. What do you, sir or madam, intend to do to stop the demographic catastrophe? And now Artur Bartoszewicz will answer. Now Mr. Adrian Zandberg will speak. There's still a little time left, but I think you can start now. Magdalena Biejat. Madam Speaker, now it's time for Ms. Joanna Seneszyn's statement. Please. And now Karol Nawrocki will speak. That was the last statement in the second round of questions. Now Radomir Wit will ask the question. And I remind you that each candidate receives the same question and has one minute to answer. This was among the rules we agreed upon. Your representatives agreed to them. Additionally, among these rules is the absence of gadgets and mobile phones, so that voters today cannot recognize you during this debate. Good. Time for my question. Opinion polls show that the profession of politician enjoys low public trust. Slogans that politicians lie, are dishonest, and care mainly about their own interests dominate public discourse. What personal qualities of yours, Madam or Sir, will improve this opinion? Szymon Hołownia: Marek Woch answers. And Sławomir Mentzen answers. I will remind you, if you allow me, of the question. The same question is given to all candidates. In public opinion polls, the profession of politician enjoys low public trust. Slogans that politicians lie, are dishonest, and care mainly about their own interests, dominate public discourse. What personal qualities of yours will improve this opinion? Rafał Trzaskowski answers now. Krzysztof Stanowski answers. Not asking, we discussed many matters with you. None of the appropriately promised actions were taken, that Polish television would respond. Now Mr. Marek Jakubiak answers, it's Mr. Marek Jakubiak's time. Grzegorz Braun answers. Time's up. Ladies and gentlemen, I will remind you of the question, the same for all candidates. In public opinion polls, the profession of politician enjoys low public trust. Slogans that politicians lie, are dishonest, and care mainly about their own interests, dominate public discourse. What personal qualities of yours will improve this opinion? Artur Bartoszewicz answers now. Now it's Adrian Zenberg's turn to answer. And the time for the answer to the question has expired, time for Magdalena Biejat's answer. Joanna Senyszyn answers. Time for the answer has expired. Karol Nawrocki answers. And that was the last answer. Until now, the candidates have been answering our questions. At this point, they will be able to ask each other questions. One candidate can ask one question to one opponent in 20 seconds. The opponent has one minute to answer, and then 20 seconds for a rebuttal. Szymon Hołownia begins. 20 seconds. Thank you very much. Please, we ask you to stick to the time limits, which we also agreed upon with you. Next question. Now Maciej Maciak will ask a question to Mr. Stanowski. Do you have time for a repost? Now Sławomir Mentzen asks a question. To whom? Time for the repost. We are now moving on to the next question, asked by Krzysztof Stanowski. We are here to keep time, so I inform you that the time for rebuttal has expired. Now Marek Jakubiak asks the question. Now it's Grzegorz Braun's turn to ask a question. Now it's time for a question from Magdalena Biejat. Next question, this time Joanna Senyszyn asks. Now it's time for Maciej Maciak to ask a question. I would ask you to remind us of the content of the question, because then people will see how the answers deviated from it. But now it's time for your question. You are asking each other questions here. The round with our questions has passed. Now you are asking each other questions on foreign affairs. This is what it means, Mr. Zandberg, as a left-wing internationalist, please name the countries and nations with whom we should not cooperate. Magdalena Biejat. And now Artur Bartoszewicz responds. Time's up. Grzegorz Braun answers. Now it's Sławomir Mentzen's turn to answer. That was the last question in this series, but it's not the end of questions from journalists. The second question regarding foreign policy will be asked by Dorota Wysocka Sznef. Donald Trump decided to impose 20% tariffs on all countries and all goods from the European Union, including Poland. After the EU announced retaliatory measures, he withdrew for three months for negotiations and suspended these tariffs. However, if the tariffs come into force, they will hit our pockets hard, and prices will also rise in Poland. How should Europe respond to Trump's trade war? Marek Jakubiak answers first. Now Szymon Hołownia answers. And now Mr. Stanowski replies. And now Mr. Andrzej, excuse me, Adrian Zandberg replies. My apologies. That was Adrian Zandberg. Thank you very much, and I will remind you of the question. How should Europe respond to Donald Trump's trade war, declared against the European Union and also against Poland? Now Mr. Rafał Trzaskowski answers. Now Karol Nawrocki answers. Now it's Mr. Marek Woch's turn to speak. Now Professor Joanna Szyszyn answers. Thank you very much, and I remind you of the question: how should the European Union respond to Donald Trump's trade war? Now Mr. Maciej Maciak answers. And now Magdalena Biejat. Please. And now Artur Bartoszewicz responds. Time's up. Grzegorz Braun answers. And one more answer to that question. Sławomir Mentzen. Piotr Witwicki will ask the next question. Well, my question, ladies and gentlemen, is proof that it is difficult to escape the US president, although the topic will be a little different, but this is not the first such debate where we are unable to escape topics related to the USA. Donald Trump is conducting peace talks between Russia and Ukraine, guided, of course, by US interests. What is Poland's fundamental interest in this matter today? How do you, Madam or Sir, intend to secure it? First, Marek Jakubiak. Now Szymon Hołownia. And now Krzysztof Stanowski. Adrian Zamberg: I will remind you of the question, what is Poland's fundamental interest today in the Russian-Ukrainian war, and how do you intend to secure it? Now it's Rafał Trzaskowski's turn to answer. Now Karol Nawrocki. Now Marek Woch. Now Joanna Seneszyn. Well, I must remind you of the question, Professor. Donald Trump is conducting peace talks between Russia and Ukraine, guided by US interests. What is Poland's fundamental interest in this matter today, and how do you, Madam or Sir, intend to secure it? Maciej Maciak. Magdalena Biejat. Artur Bartoszewicz. Now it's Grzegorz Braun's turn to answer. Now it's Sławomir Mentzen's turn to answer. We conclude the round of journalistic questions on foreign policy. And now, politicians will ask each other questions. So, just as in the first round, candidates can ask one question to one opponent. Question time: 20 seconds. Reminder: answer time 1 minute, and there's also space for a rebuttal. That's also 20 seconds. Marek Jakubiak begins. In Warsaw today we have quite a few nurseries. We need to be clear about this topic. I'll come back to it later. We have, ladies and gentlemen, a gigantic budget. We have a big city, with 1.8 million inhabitants, but unfortunately only 14 social care homes, which we talked about today. I ask Mrs. Senyszyn. The time for asking the question has expired. I will just remind you that we are still in the round of foreign policy questions. But the question was asked, so I understand now, Professor, how do you see the role of seniors in Polish society? How to establish them here? Do we need to take care of seniors, and very comprehensively? There's room for a repost. Marshal Szymon Hołownia now asks a question. And now it's time for a question from Krzysztof Stanowski. A question for Rafał Trzaskowski. Let's forget about all this bickering. Let's do something good. A foreign question, so I'll ask, what can be done so that Polish children don't have to fly to the United States for treatment? That is, what will you, as president, because you might be one, you are the leader in the polls, do for people suffering from rare and very rare diseases, to end this begging on the internet? Now Adrian Zandberg asks the question. A question for Mr. Karol Nawrocki. We've talked a lot about international security here, but the truth is that our security will largely depend on our defense capabilities and the equipment of our armed forces. You've mentioned many times that you positively assess Minister Błaszczak's actions. So I have a question: if so, why do Polish soldiers today have to buy their own personal equipment, even basic items like comfortable boots? Your school is now in this debate, time for Marek Woch's question. Dr. Trzaskowski, just a quick clarification here. Non-partisan local government officials do not sit on your company boards, because you said non-partisan. I know that in recent years, party members have been attaching themselves to non-partisans. However, you took part in the Bilderberg Group meeting. Please tell me, if you were to become president, if you were president by the will of the nation, would you publish a report on such informal globalist meetings on the Internet, please. Now it's time for Maciej Maciak's question. I would ask you to remind us of the content of the question, because then people will see how the answers deviated from it. But now it's time for your question. You are asking each other questions here. The round with our questions has passed. Now you are asking each other questions on foreign affairs. This is what it means, Mr. Zandberg, as a left-wing internationalist, please name the countries and nations with whom we should not cooperate. Magdalena Biejat. Artur Bartoszewicz asks the question now. Doctor Trzaskowski, you and your supporters declaratively stand in defense of the Constitution of the Republic of Poland. At the same time, you are pushing for the European Green Deal. Is the European Green Deal consistent with the Polish Constitution? What do you know about this? Now it's Grzegorz Braun's turn to ask a question. And that was the last answer, or rather a rebuttal related to the previously asked question. Thus, we conclude the second round, which is foreign policy. And the next point of the debate is mutual questions. Now on any topic. Here, again, we have 20 seconds for a question. Candidates have 20 seconds for a question, one minute for an answer, and 20 seconds for a rebuttal. And the first question, according to the drawing, will be asked by Krzysztof Stanowski. I have a question for Mr. Grzegorz Braun. One of your campaign slogans is that you are the only candidate who never changes his mind. You once said that if someone wants to harm Poland, they will send two brotherly nations against each other, meaning Poles and Ukrainians, and that you dream of Ukrainians buying tenements in Poland, and Poles in Ukraine. So what has changed? And now Maciej Maciak asks the question. Well, who should I grace with a question? Perhaps the Confederation. We have two candidates from the Confederation. They divide the electorate in half, I hope equally. And each of them has such postulates, for example, Atom, a larger army, this is for Mr. Mentzen. Is this larger army to be subjected to the rule of bad, bad politicians, because that's what you're appealing for? Magdalena Biejat asks a question to Rafał Trzaskowski. Since we want to introduce shortened working hours with the same salary, we hear from Szymon Hołownia that there is no money for it. When we want to introduce fair taxes so that the rich contribute to the state budget, we hear from you that it's not time yet, because we can't afford it, because we are a developing country. So I have a question, when will we finally be able to afford it, in your opinion? When will it finally be time for us to be a European welfare state? Now Marek Woch will ask a question. To MP Grzegorz Braun. In COVID, you were a spokesman for normalcy, because as a result, we have 200,000 excess deaths, tens of billions of empty money, and inflation was at 14% at some point. Doctors still have ongoing proceedings for treatment. If you become president, what do you intend to do about it? Will you return to clarifying these matters? Time for the next question. Sławomir Mentzen. I have a question for Karol Nawrocki. In your program, as well as in your statement today, I found an interesting tax proposal regarding the introduction of a tax-free amount of 140,000 PLN for every parent with two children. Therefore, the question is, how much exactly would this cost our public finances? Have you calculated it? Now Grzegorz Braun asks the question. Mr. Rafał Trzaskowski introduced an exclusion and discrimination zone in the center of Warsaw. There, dear young, mostly compatriots, your perhaps not newest car will not enter. How does this reconcile with this rhetoric of equality? You lead sodomite parades, but you exclude normal people from entering Warsaw? Time for a rebuttal? Time for a rebuttal. Now Artur Bartoszewicz asks the question. Doctor Sławomir Mentzen. In a viral video on the internet, two underage girls say they would vote for you because they like beer and vodka. The degradation of the young generation by alcohol and beer advertising is happening. Why did you organize the "Beer with Mentzen" campaign aimed at young people? Are you unable to meet young people soberly? Are you in favor of banning beer advertising? Now it's Szymon Hołownia's turn to ask a question. I will ask it to Mrs. Marshal Biejat. We differ on many issues, but I want to ask if we will be able to cooperate. I spoke about this bill, which I will still submit, concerning a ban on smartphones in primary schools, the National Institute of Digital Hygiene, and digital safety training for children for parents. If you were president, would you sign such a bill? And a second question, because it seems that we are fighting the same battle against banks for lower margins. Will you sign a bill on a tax on excess profits, which will cover banks and allocate it to housing? Now Adrian Zandberg asks the question. A question for Marshal Hołownia. It's no longer a secret that MPs from all clubs and parliamentary caucuses, except for the Razem party, are flying around the planet on paper and collecting tens of thousands in mileage. I have a question for you as Speaker of the Sejm, because you can stop this with one signature, one decision. You don't need to agree on this with the cunning people from Civic Platform or PSL. Why haven't you stopped it? Now it's time for the last question in this series of questions. Rafał Trzaskowski. And with that, we conclude the second and final round of mutual questions. Now it's time for free statements. And free statements are the last part of our debate. Each candidate has one minute and 30 seconds to summarize and deliver their speech. The order of free statements was drawn. Szymon Hołownia begins first. Now Ms. Magdalena Biejat will give her speech. Now Marek Woch will speak. Now Krzysztof Stanowski has the floor for a free statement. Sławomir Mentzen, time for a rebuttal. Now Mr. Marek Woch will speak. Karol Nawrocki now asks. I have a question for, can I still ask Mr. Rafał Trzaskowski? Now it's Grzegorz Braun's turn to ask a question. I can't ask Mr. Trzaskowski anymore, so I'll ask the second person in the state. Marshal, what do you know about Merkel's arrangements with Tusk? Do you confirm the sensational news that after the elections, the re-export of refugees, illegal immigrants, and migrants will start at full speed to Poland? The rebuttal time was ending, time for Krzysztof Stanowski's question. Since we're here, I can't resist. A question for Rafał Trzaskowski. You said that you employed non-partisan specialists in municipal companies. So I wanted to ask what incredible competences Tomasz Sygód has, that one day he manages municipal buses, and the next day Polish television, albeit in liquidation, but still Polish television. And with that, we conclude the second, and final, round of mutual questions. Now it's time for free statements. And free statements are the last part of our debate. Each candidate has one minute and 30 seconds to summarize and deliver their speech. The order of free statements was drawn. Szymon Hołownia begins first. Now Ms. Magdalena Biejat will give her speech. Now Marek Woch will speak. Now Krzysztof Stanowski has the floor for a free statement. Sławomir Mentzen, time for a rebuttal. Now Artur Bartoszewicz will speak. And now Grzegorz Braun will give his speech. Now it's Professor Joanna Senyszyn's turn to deliver a free statement. And now Karol Nawrocki. And now Maciej Maciak with a free statement. Thank you, with that rush. I confirm what I said. Adrian Zamberg. Now Marek Jakubiak will speak. And now it's Sławomir Mentzen's turn to speak. Now Rafał Trzaskowski. That was the last statement in the round of free speeches and the last point of the pre-election debate of the 2025 presidential candidates. We thank the candidates for participating in the debate, and you for your attention. The elections are this coming Sunday. We encourage you to participate. Thank you for this evening. Dorota Wysocka-Szep, Telewizja Polska. We don't know if it was the best debate, but it was certainly the longest. Thank you very much. Piotr Witwicki, Polsat and Interia. For me, it was certainly a unique event, because I was here after years, when in 2016 I left public media due to political pressure and interference with content that was then on air, and I found in TVN24 the opportunity to do independent journalism. Radomir Wit, TVN24 and TVN24 plus. See you.