Ladies and gentlemen, well, first I must congratulate, because Jacek Kurski built a beautiful studio here, which we are using today. I congratulate the aesthetics and ingenuity very much. However, regarding difficult matters, because we spoke here about a trusted person, we spoke about who the president is, who the president should be, and we learn that candidates have such ideas as, for example, not bringing smartphones to school. I would propose to also include not bringing lipsticks in backpacks to this project. It will certainly be worthy of a president. As for honesty, I want to say that Mr. Trzaskowski's statement that he will sign the law on the Silesian language is supporting separatist movements in Poland. If you don't know, I'm telling you. That's what it's about, really. However, when it comes to difficult matters, ladies and gentlemen. NFZ, CIT, county employment offices, reform of the Polish state and savings, savings on the state. Thank you. I don't think anyone would want to insult you here. However, to say that a woman's right to have a child means the right to kill a child. That is such an absurd concept to me, so incomprehensible that I simply cannot utter it. Any moderately intelligent person knows that you are now engaging in propaganda. If we do not support mothers, families, create an atmosphere around the idea that family is something beautiful, that adulthood is when we have our offspring, when we look into the eyes of our own children and grandchildren, then we are truly human. Humans who create a family. And from this family and these people, nations are formed. The fact that today it is said that you will die in childbirth, you cannot protect yourself, and so on and so forth, is pure propaganda, because you are basing it on a few cases a year. Ladies and gentlemen, I agree, because we often discuss solutions to questions that are not within the president's competence, so we are talking about something that in fact does not exist. The president, it is true, has legislative initiative, but must have a majority in the Sejm. So I support this voice of outrage. However, I want to say that politics is a prudent activity for the common good, and without that, it won't work. A politician must like people, not be a mere worker. He cannot go to the Sejm to earn money or raise his status. He simply must be a politician who goes to change something for the common good. That is why I believe there should be two terms in the Sejm, and the Sejm should finally be the Sejm. An MP should not be a minister. Ladies and gentlemen, there are no fruits without a tree, no tree without roots. Poland has a very rich, but difficult history. In our recent history from the period of World War II, Warsaw suffered a terrible, terrible war sacrifice. A question to Mr. Hołownia: how do you relate to historical policy, knowing that Germans write our history for us? I hope you listened carefully to what the Marshal said, because the Marshal is the president of the 2050 party, which we commonly call the "yellows." They are responsible for the Ministry of Environmental Protection. His members tore this symbol of Fighting Poland from the wall and threw it away. They cannot find it. There was a renovation, because there was a renovation, and it returned to its place. It did not return. First of all, one should respect Donald Trump, and not criticize him wholesale every time he is right. Well, it's like this: in the European Union, we have VAT. In the United States, there is no VAT. To products imported from the United States, VAT is added here, so the product is 20% more expensive than our products. Trump asked how many American cars drive in Berlin. The answer was zero. And how many Mercedes cars drive in the United States? Tens of thousands. I don't blame him for fighting for the interests of the United States. It would be good if these hot-headed people finally realized that there is symmetry between trade actions, that the United States is no longer the fool of the world, that simply, one must respect the other, and the European Union, as the navel of the world, must grow up to the fact that Americans can also produce champagne. One might say, as usual. Ladies and gentlemen, the Ukrainian-Russian war is very complicated. It is based on emotions, blood, tears, broken families, abducted children, and Donald Trump probably unknowingly entered it without knowing all that. And here I have a complaint, that today peace should prevail in Ukraine so that people would stop dying. And this is the kind of point that Donald Trump is making, that first and foremost, peace. I don't know who in Europe wants this war to continue. I have no idea why these Ukrainian issues are constantly being stirred up, as they cannot agree with the interests of the Ukrainian nation. I have no idea what is happening here. However, Ukraine must be supported, and actions aimed at peace must be supported, ladies and gentlemen. Yes, I wanted to say in the context of foreign policy that it would be good if Europe adopted such conduct as the norm. However, I want to say, Professor, that it's easy to say that we have many nurseries when 7,000 places in nurseries are bought from private entrepreneurs. And I remind you, ladies and gentlemen, foreign policy is the topic of foreign policy. That's right. You should have stated that at the beginning. Now it seems you are leading. We said at the beginning, we talked about the rules of the game. Hmm. Well, you asked me a difficult question, because I know that such situations occur. I know that social welfare helps in this regard. However, the truth is that where there is no elevator, a person in such a state of health should not live. And here, nothing can be bent to that. There simply must be an elevator. External elevators are often used. Internal elevators specially adapted for this purpose are also used. However, I think this is covered by the program. Warsaw even has, if I read the 2024 budget, some funds allocated for this, and in millions of zlotys. So, but I understand that your question is about whether or not to care for elderly people. I just want to make you all realize, all of you who are young, that someday you will be old, and these old people, seniors, built this country, and it is worth fighting for the well-being of our seniors, because they are our roots. Yes. Well, I have to make a small digression. Another tax on excess profits. This is something that would require a change in the law. Banks have already secured their own law and a privileged position. But I understand you are now using the time for a question. But I understand what I'm doing. Please don't tell me what to do. However, a question for Mr. Trzaskowski. Are you not outraged by the situation involving Donald Tusk and his being placed in some second-class seats while the rest of the world partied in the lounges? And now it's time for a rebuttal. Yes, this is just plain obfuscation. I saw the humiliated Prime Minister of the Republic of Poland, who was traveling in some freight car, while the rest were having fun in the lounge. That's point one. Point two, it's not the first time. In Berlin, there was also a meeting that divided the money that Ms. Biejat wanted to spend on housing, Russian money, and Mr. Prime Minister Tusk was also not there. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, on May 18, 2025, elections will be held. Elections that will be described as important in our history. Jan Olszewski once said, in the famous night when some were counting votes, he went to the rostrum and said simple words. It's not about what Poland will be like, but whose Poland it will be. The late Jan Olszewski did not notice or did not appreciate, ladies and gentlemen, the situation, because today we must add one thing to that sentence: whether there will be a Poland at all. And I say this with full conviction, because behind our backs things are happening that are fundamentally understandable. The German press is describing all the agreements that will be implemented after these elections, because they are not allowed to be discussed before the elections. I am talking about immigration, I am talking about various strange situations, and I will tell you that my concern is raised by the fact that the disregard for the Polish Prime Minister in such a hideous and disgusting way is a result or a sign of how Poland will be treated after these elections. Therefore, I offer myself to you as a mature man with successes on my record, as a candidate for the Most Serene Republic.