The most important thing today, of course, is the security of Polish women and men. And here there can be absolutely no compromises with those who are trying to undermine national security for political gain. I don't think anyone needs convincing of that. The law banning smartphones in primary schools is already meeting with resistance from many circles, including the Ministry of Education, but regardless of polls and support, I intend to table it as president and find a majority for it, because it is about the safety of our children. I also declare that, unlike some of my predecessors, I will never pardon a politician. Regardless of whether it is a politician from my party or the opposing one, the president should be the guardian of the rule of law, the guarantor of the unity of Polish society. I believe that if you choose to entrust me with these missions, you will be able to feel calm and secure with our values. For over twenty years, or even longer, all politicians have thrown the topic of abortion and women's safety back and forth in consecutive campaigns, and they do nothing concrete about it. I hope that the Third Way bill, currently frozen in the parliamentary committee, which restores the situation to before the infamous ruling by Julia Przyłębska and her Tribunal, and the Left's decriminalization bill, will reach the Sejm as soon as possible so we can vote on them. As for solving this issue, ultimately, only a referendum will suffice. Politicians, the political class, have shown that they are not interested in Polish women and men. The voice should be given to the nation, to society, where over half are women, not just 30% as in the Sejm. But that does not exhaust the topic, because Polish women will give birth to children when they can ask for epidurals during childbirth and it will not be an extravagance, when children can count on a home, when they can count on a nursery, on transport to return to work or to go to school, to a place where they will want to live their lives. If we are to reverse the demographic catastrophe, we must change Poland, not just one law. I think that leadership in general makes no sense if it is not based on values, on sharing values with the people who elect you to a given position, who give you the chance to be responsible for the community. But truth, honesty, being close to people, wanting to listen to them, wanting to open the Sejm as I do, not close it and turn it into a great fortress, that's one thing. But secondly, you also have to watch yourself. Hence everything I do in the Sejm to regulate the law-making process and the behaviour of MPs. This includes increasing penalties for MPs' absences. MP Marcin Romanowski is already experiencing this. This also includes attempts to introduce, and I hope they will soon prove effective, breathalyzers which will have to be used to test those who do not understand that you have to come to work sober. Regardless of whether you are a car mechanic or an MP. We must set an example for people. We must be transparent and show that we have nothing to hide, and not try to increase our salaries with mileage expenses. I have a question for Mr. Karol Nawrocki. Building a Polish community must always be based on values. And for me, the greatest value is undoubtedly truth. That is why today I filed a lawsuit against the lies of your colleagues from Law and Justice. You wrap yourself in Westerplatte and Monte Cassino, but you treat truth as nothing. Why are you hiding the dishonest tricks you pulled to sink your teeth into the apartment of a man who now has neither an apartment nor your care? You know, I don't have anything in any special services file. You clearly do. You said it well, that this is the current explanation, because you've had five of them already, contradicting each other. I'll be blunt. Karol Nawrocki is a liar. He lied in the notarial deed that he paid 120,000 for the buyout of an apartment that wasn't his. He used a discount that he was not entitled to. All to shamefully divert communal property into private hands. Sue me now, Mr. Karol. My views are clear and unchanging. I believe that abortion is always evil, always a tragedy. However, when you speak from the perspective of a person who is, let's say, a publicist, a writer, an author, and from the perspective of someone who wants to take responsibility for the entire community, these are different perspectives, although values and views do not change. Today, please ask me how I want to take responsibility for the entire community. And having my views and knowing how I will vote in this referendum, I clearly say that we should ask the entire society for their voice on this matter, and that is my declaration. I don't want to conquer anyone. I don't want to conquer anyone with my views. I want to persuade them, I want to encourage them, but not with a prosecutor, not with handcuffs, not with a court order. The law should be made in such a way that it is the foundation of Poland's stability and gives us all a sense of security. Enough of those who run from left to right giving testimonies. Your time is up, please, that Germans, what? Excuse me, they write history for us. I don't get the impression that Germans write our history, but we must establish our relations with Germans, because they are our neighbours and nothing will change in that regard. Today, of course, we can talk about 600 billion in reparations and argue about whether the legal concept of reparations is applicable today or not. I propose a different solution. We need to agree with Germany that we don't need a monument or a history meeting house. We need them to pay hundreds of billions of euros into the national defense fund that we will establish, so that after they destroyed our army in World War II, they rebuild security, rebuild our country, rebuild our strength. And that will help both Poland's security, give Poles jobs, increase our potential, but also defend all of Europe, because Germany does not border the Russian Federation, and we do. I am a supporter of pragmatic solutions, not politicians who will perform ritual self-immolations, fighting for something they will never bring to the people. I hope that the National Electoral Commission will deal with this appropriately, and if you have noticed any attempts to treat any candidates in a bad way, you will also notify the National Broadcasting Council and me, because I am personally curious about this. I believe that we have not sufficiently undertaken the mission of cleaning up state-owned companies, the mission of healing public media. Of course, what happened with public media and companies under PiS rule, the practical privatization of what is common by one party, was an absolute aberration. But we did not do what we agreed with our voters in this regard. I am fighting in the Sejm for a law on cleaning up state-owned companies, which our coalition partners are blocking. I am fighting to ensure that a public media law, which I hope, and I say this also as a former employee, will lead to all of us feeling safe, because public media serves to give people a sense of security, that they receive verified information, is put before the Sejm as soon as possible. MP Jakubiak speaks like the American ambassador, but I want to be the president of the Republic of Poland. I want to clearly and unequivocally defend the interests of the Polish economy. Donald Trump messed up, and he probably knows it himself, when it comes to this tariff war. We need to act in two ways. Firstly, wherever possible, and when traveling, don't just take selfies like Mr. Nawrocki, but talk about the fact that today we are a very good partner for Donald Trump and for America, paying for our obligations and contracts, for example, military or energy, punctually. This is really important. The second thing is to focus on increasing the competitiveness of the European economy as quickly as possible, as has already been discussed. The Mario Draghi report clearly shows that we have indeed fallen behind the United States and China. Today we need to invest 800 billion euros in our own competitiveness, in cheap electricity, available to build the humor industry, artificial intelligence, to develop. These are the two directions that I, as president, would like to patronize. Thank you. Of course, Poland's raison d'état is peace in Ukraine, but a just peace, not one where someone who has stolen 700,000 Ukrainian children and wants to occupy five provinces of Ukraine, a sovereign country, will be able to get away with it and say that nothing happened. We must build agreements that will aim to force Russia to come to the table, as recently happened in Kyiv. And we must talk tough with Ukraine, because we must be in this process to achieve three important things for us. First, contracts for the reconstruction of Ukraine. I myself have spoken twice about this with President Zelenskyy. How important this is for us. We were the first to help, we should be the first in line. Secondly, the continuity of exhumations in Volhynia. Thirdly, let Ukraine give us these civil defense and civilian protection technologies that they have specialized in during these years of war, because we need them, because we are rebuilding today. There will be no war here, but we want to finally build a truly effective civil defense. I have a question for MP Mentzen. 17,000 women serve in the Polish army, including my wife, a pilot in the air force. I have a question on their behalf, their families and loved ones. Do you share the opinion of your chief military advisor, Mr. Jacek Hoga, that women's military service turns them into "baba-chłopy" who will not be able to give birth to five or six children? Do you know NATO standards within this agenda, which concerns this? That is, will you take Mr. Hoga as the head of the National Security Bureau to the United States, where one-fifth of soldiers are women? Mr. Zielon Kostę, you obviously have no idea what the Polish ammunition stock is, and it's good you said that men - I'm continuing this statement - bringing women into the labor market is an insult to their femininity, let alone forcing them into physical combat. And since you presented yourself so beautifully in the previous round, I'll just add that you are 11th from the bottom when it comes to parliamentary activity in voting. I'll add that you last filed an interpellation three months ago... Please have no doubts about that. That is exactly right. Our North Atlantic Alliance, because it is our North Atlantic Alliance, is the pillar of our security. I often repeat that we are not in the European Union. We are the European Union. Every Polish village, every Polish town, we are in the heart of the European Union. Yes, of course, we need to take care of these pillars, we need to build other alliances. What Prime Minister Tusk is doing as prime minister, and I as Marshal of the Sejm, building the northern alliance, Poland's northern policy, an alliance with the Nordic countries, an alliance with the Baltic states, that is also a direction that needs to be pursued. However, I also want to refer to one thing I heard from Mr. Nawrocki after your question, that Russia should be kept as far away from our borders as possible, but he is skeptical about Ukraine in the European Union and NATO. Well, the European Union is right, Ukraine in the European Union, in NATO, that is Russia 1000 km further from our borders, and that is in the interest of the Republic of Poland. Costa, I am glad that we agree on this matter, and the Americans themselves expect in all these conversations that I have had, for example, that Poland will be much more active in the European Union, because the Americans precisely want the European Union to do exactly the same as Poland, which means taking the issue of security seriously, seriously securing our eastern border and strengthening our defense industry. Sharing responsibility. Now it's Karol Nawrocki's turn. Of course, I don't allow it, and of course, we have repeatedly said that no one allows such an option. If you attended the Sejm more often, because you are a rare guest there, you would know that these phrases have also been repeatedly uttered from the parliamentary rostrum. Today, what Donald Tusk is doing, and what every Polish leader should do within this coalition of the willing, is to restart strong Polish presence in the European Union and also to draw Ukraine's attention to what I just said. Securing our interests in relations with Ukraine. This cannot be done by giving such or other interviews, because that will not create contracts for Polish companies to rebuild Ukrainian power plants, roads, border crossings. For that, you need to be at the table. In diplomacy, there is one rule. Either you sit at the table, or you are on the menu. You propose the latter solution to Poland, and perhaps that is why it is good that you will not become the president of the Republic of Poland, and you now have time for a rebuttal. You, you are talking to me or to my wife, or what's going on, Marshal? I am very happy about this declaration, and yes, I also agree that one enters politics to bring about change, to implement values, to achieve goals, and from my side, there is also a firm "no" to any bills with credit subsidies. We will also fight for personal assistance. We will fight, even though our coalition partners, the finance minister, are blocking this bill once again, we will fight to the extent that if it doesn't pass, I declare, we will leave the coalition. Next question. Marek Jakubiak asks it now. You know why? Because the Sejm I lead is a democratic Sejm, not a Sejm of dictators. I know that perhaps in the profile of such a sharp left, there is a dictatorship of the proletariat. Here, we have a dictatorship of principles and the Sejm Rules of Procedure, and also the possibility I create of being heard and hearing all voices. We are currently preparing in the Chancellery a change to the regulation regarding mileage expenses, which is the Marshal's order. We are preparing this change, so as to present it also for consultation to the Presidium of the Sejm and the Senior Convent, so that we can all make a decision on this matter. Of course, it will be my signature in the end, I will make these decisions. However, forgive me, as long as I am Marshal of the Sejm, I will talk about things that concern people with the people whom these things concern. That's why I conducted social consultations on bills in the Sejm, which didn't exist before. And in this matter, you know, when it comes to enforcing discipline among MPs, I am the Marshal who, it seems, has the least to blame for in the last 35 years. Ladies and gentlemen, five years ago, we, people outside of politics, went to remove the first bricks from the wall that politicians had diligently used to divide Polish men and women for 20 years. Then we took a third way and drove a wedge into that wall. The structure wavered, and people, through that hole in the form of Seflix, suddenly saw each other. And later, we rolled up our sleeves and began to build a home. Brick by brick. On my part, it's going well. Involving people in making good law. No more impunity for parliamentary absences. An open Sejm is a home for Polish women and men. Elsewhere, it's sometimes different, but forward. From IVF to nurseries to funeral benefits, civil defense, state security, brick by brick. Although the guardians of that wall do absolutely everything to fill every breach in it, to raise it higher, and that Poland is only on their side, and that it is their Poland. A few zlotys to make things easier for people in terms of health insurance contributions. Blocked, to raise the wall between the self-employed and employees. In the wall surrounding the fat cats in state-owned companies, it's hard to move bricks, but we're chipping away, and we will chip them out. The wall around the interests of the big cats from banks and developers is also already crumbling. Brick by brick. On Sunday, a great celebration of our Poland. Ladies and gentlemen, every one of your votes is a priceless brick. You can decide whether you want to use it to build another wall, or whether it will serve to build a home for us. I absolutely have no such information, nor any conviction that any Polish politician currently responsible for the state would agree to such a thing. We need to finally build sensible relations with Germany from a much stronger position than before, because it is in the interest of Poland, Poles, and Polish women. You often propose a world, or a Poland, that resents the entire world, turns its back on the entire world, quarrels with the entire world. Poles do not want such a world. Poles want to travel across Europe, they want to earn money, they want to seek their opportunities, they want to return to Poland. And that is what we should be talking about today. If we obsess over fantasies, for example, related to Germany, we will never build a strong Poland, one where trains or public transport take you from a small town to the provincial capital. We will never fix healthcare, which has been in disrepair for 35 years. I tell you that with migrants, there is no issue. The issue is closed. You can talk about everything with me, and it will always end with migrants. Ladies and gentlemen, five years ago, we, people outside of politics, went to remove the first bricks from the wall that politicians had diligently used to divide Polish men and women for 20 years. Then we took a third way and drove a wedge into that wall. The structure wavered, and people, through that hole in the form of Seflix, suddenly saw each other. And later, we rolled up our sleeves and began to build a home. Brick by brick. On my part, it's going well. Involving people in making good law. No more impunity for parliamentary absences. An open Sejm is a home for Polish women and men. Elsewhere, it's sometimes different, but forward. From IVF to nurseries to funeral benefits, civil defense, state security, brick by brick. Although the guardians of that wall do absolutely everything to fill every breach in it, to raise it higher, and that Poland is only on their side, and that it is their Poland. A few zlotys to make things easier for people in terms of health insurance contributions. Blocked, to raise the wall between the self-employed and employees. In the wall surrounding the fat cats in state-owned companies, it's hard to move bricks, but we're chipping away, and we will chip them out. The wall around the interests of the big cats from banks and developers is also already crumbling. Brick by brick. On Sunday, a great celebration of our Poland. Ladies and gentlemen, every one of your votes is a priceless brick. You can decide whether you want to use it to build another wall, or whether it will serve to build a home for us.