Ladies and gentlemen, 22 years ago, left-wing politicians passed the NFZ law. The left-wing president signed it. 21 years ago, the Constitutional Tribunal ruled that it was a pathological and unconstitutional institution. None of the teams so far have changed this. The question of why this is up for discussion for the future president, why there is such political resistance and why this is unpopular, shows that politicians do not want to change it. So, liquidation of the NFZ, ZUS amnesty. Ladies and gentlemen, hundreds of thousands of entrepreneurs are being pursued by debt collectors today because they owe 1000 zlotys. Everything is going into the grey economy. ZUS costs 2600 for a single ineffective procedure. ZUS should be abolished for entrepreneurs. Seniority pensions have been promised by politicians for 10 years; there are several bills in the Sejm, but nothing is happening. There was not supposed to be a freezer, ladies and gentlemen. And finally, the President of the Republic of Poland, I hope you will elect me. There will be respect for working-class groups in our country. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, society is burdened with ZUS and NFZ contributions. There is no political will to simply do something about it. And, ladies and gentlemen, the Social Security Institution, which is designed to incapacitate society, when an employer hires a woman, there are tens of thousands of such situations per month, it sends letters to the employer, ladies and gentlemen, to the employees and asks why the employer hired a woman who became pregnant. But why? It asks, because she applied for sick leave, which was supposed to be abolished by the December 13th coalition. Nothing came of it. 15 billion is paid by entrepreneurs for benefits. Several questions asked by ZUS. A dozen questions, ladies and gentlemen. Why did the employer hire her and why did the woman get pregnant? And the left-wing government does this, because the Minister of Social Policy is from the left. For what period was the contract concluded? Is there a factual, economic need to conclude the contract? Ladies and gentlemen, is she a wife or not a wife? Ladies and gentlemen, are there witnesses who can confirm that she worked? Yes, we will never have children. Ladies and gentlemen, once upon a time, the definition of a politician was invented, meaning people who want to deal with the common good, that is, the state as citizens of all and of all views. However, today politics is simply about filling companies, filling offices, and that is what politicians are doing today, not thinking about social problems. Secondly, there is negative selection. Experts, educated people are not allowed on electoral lists when it comes to politicians. And we have proof here, because the Marshal of the Sejm is a man who is still looking for his master's degree and cannot find it. And people like me, a plumber from vocational school who was born in a village and has six siblings, are oppressed, and I received a doctorate in philosophy of law, ladies and gentlemen. That is why we created the movement of non-partisan local government officials. In 2023, we had one and a half million votes in local elections, from which they tried to eliminate us, we had several hundred thousand. Euro, and today are our fourth elections as a social movement. We invite you to cooperate. Marek Woch asks the question. To Dr. Nawrocki, if I may ask. Ladies and gentlemen, before the 23rd parliamentary elections, TVP, excuse me, published an incomplete poll regarding non-partisans on air. Today I noticed that I am also in the "other" category, ladies and gentlemen, they are no longer published in court, I don't want to sit. Will you, as president, because the president has the tools, if you become president, will you put an end to this, so that representatives of social movements are treated equally with party members? Thank you very much, doctor. Thank you very much, doctor, and this confirms Mr. Krzysztof Stanowski's words, that no matter which government is in power, something bad is happening here in Woronicza, and thank you very much for this declaration. We will hold you to your word. However, things are going well in the regions. It is a paradox, ladies and gentlemen, that the provincial and regional TVP centers invite Woch for interviews, they come to conferences. But something is wrong here, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you, doctor. Ladies and gentlemen, I think that President Donald Trump noticed many absurdities, where the European Union itself ceased to be competitive economically, by introducing GDPR, the Green Deal, the Blue Deal. Ladies and gentlemen, by closing mines, uh, how could it have happened that today we woke up and said, well, someone did it, aliens didn't do it, but politicians of individual countries did. However, when it comes to climate neutrality and zero CO2 emissions, it was defined until 2050. Even Szymon Hołownia named his party precisely by setting a direction that he would strive for us to have expensive electricity, so that they would peek into how many windows we have, because if I have two, I can't have two, I have to have three. When it comes to building insulation, I also cannot decide on my own, everything must be under the EU and under EU producers. Today, one newspaper writes that China is flooding us with furniture. The furniture industry is failing. Ladies and gentlemen, every war is evil. Wise people, whom politicians should have listened to, would have replied that if you want to win a war, don't start it. However, when it comes to Ukraine, ladies and gentlemen, peace must be achieved, and here the future president must make efforts to achieve peace, because as far as interests are concerned, and that was the question, these interests have been secured by the United States of America, because an agreement has already been signed for the extraction of minerals to cover the costs of the equipment that was supplied for the war. Ladies and gentlemen, as far as history is concerned, that is one thing, because exhumations were also mentioned here. I have been hearing about exhumations for over 30 years and I will probably hear about them for the rest of my life, I don't know how long it will last, because politicians are ineffective in this regard. However, when it comes to wars, please note, in World War II, 8 million Poles died, meaning mostly civilians, not soldiers, and the same applies to Ukraine, so politicians should strive to avoid wars. The European Union needs to show that it has experience. Thank you. Doctor, I was asking if you would only publish information, so that there would be no conspiracy theories. Ladies and gentlemen, but I would like to, I did not arrange this with Mr. Krzysztof Stanowski, I received a letter. Dear Mr. Marek Marian Woch, presidential candidate supporting Wiktoria Kępa. Ladies and gentlemen, another fundraiser. I spoke with mother Ewelina today. Please support, ladies and gentlemen, because this is an urgent plea. This is my rebuttal. And now, the question will be asked by Professor Joanna Senyszyn. Please. 20 seconds and a post. Thank you very much, because during COVID, I worked in the office of the spokesman for small and medium-sized enterprises, where some people had a problem with the fact that we didn't close the office, I worked from dawn till dusk to save tens of thousands of entrepreneurs who employ people, who incurred huge costs. When I become president, ladies and gentlemen, a compensation fund, because these people did not receive compensation for this tragedy. Ladies and gentlemen, I am 46 years old. I was born in a village, Konkolewnica commune. I have six siblings and have been working for 30 years. I am currently an entrepreneur and lecturer. I started my adventure, ladies and gentlemen, with hydraulics. I know what hard work means. And when I hear two left-wing friends arguing here, because until recently Mr. Zandberg and Mrs. Biejat were in the same party, now they are separate, because Mrs. Biejat became a senator, she is a vice-marshal, and she says she can do something, and on the other hand, when asked by the professor, she said she can do nothing. I used to think that only Mr. Szymon Hołownia could do nothing, because he said so in every debate. And now it turns out that the ruling coalition can do nothing when it comes to workers' rights, entrepreneurial rights, health care, taxes, the Green Deal. Ladies and gentlemen, I really thought that when it comes to TVP in liquidation, it would be a serious, substantive discussion. I learned nothing. What do you propose to us as citizens, as future presidents in one, two, three, or five years, where Poland and our nation will be? Ladies and gentlemen, since I am the only spokesman for the excluded and the wronged, 50% of our society has no one to vote for, ladies and gentlemen, please vote for me on May 18th. Ladies and gentlemen, no, the hypocrisy of the left here, which advocates for workers and employers, I have an observation here. I am an employee, I pay health insurance contributions. I am an entrepreneur, I pay health insurance contributions. And the question is, to whom? Yes. And to Ms. Biejad. Why does an employee and an entrepreneur pay health insurance contributions multiple times, even three or four times, from each employment title for their work? Health insurance is a system that clearly doesn't work, because it only generates further incentives, like from Mr. Szymon Hołownia, to create further loopholes in the healthcare financing system and at the expense of our health, at the expense of our access to healthcare, including those florists and tailors you like to talk about, giving gifts to the wealthiest entrepreneurs, bank presidents, well-paid IT specialists who can afford to contribute to healthcare. Therefore, we on the left have a concrete plan to liquidate health insurance contributions and replace them with a unified health tax, thanks to which everyone will contribute to the healthcare system according to their ability, but also fairly, so that the powerful of this world also pay for this system. In order for the Polish state to finally fulfill its constitutional obligation to provide good healthcare for everyone regardless of their financial status. And this is my question to Mr. Szymon Hołownia on this occasion. Why do you hate workers so much? Why do you treat them like fools and make them pay more and more all the time? Madam Speaker, Madam Senator, that was a simple question. Why are you telling workers nonsense, claiming that you care about their fate, when an employee has to work extra because they can't afford credit installments, which you mentioned, because electricity is getting more expensive, and because they are looking for additional employment on a civil contract or part-time, they pay health insurance contributions multiple times. That was the question, and you don't know the answer, so I'm guessing you want to abolish it now. Ladies and gentlemen, I am 46 years old. I was born in a village, Konkolewnica commune. I have six siblings and have been working for 30 years. I am currently an entrepreneur and lecturer. I started my adventure, ladies and gentlemen, with hydraulics. I know what hard work means. And when I hear two left-wing friends arguing here, because until recently Mr. Zandberg and Mrs. Biejat were in the same party, now they are separate, because Mrs. Biejat became a senator, she is a vice-marshal, and she says she can do something, and on the other hand, when asked by the professor, she said she can do nothing. I used to think that only Mr. Szymon Hołownia could do nothing, because he said so in every debate. And now it turns out that the ruling coalition can do nothing when it comes to workers' rights, entrepreneurial rights, health care, taxes, the Green Deal. Ladies and gentlemen, I really thought that when it comes to TVP in liquidation, it would be a serious, substantive discussion. I learned nothing. What do you propose to us as citizens, as future presidents in one, two, three, or five years, where Poland and our nation will be? Ladies and gentlemen, since I am the only spokesman for the excluded and the wronged, 50% of our society has no one to vote for, ladies and gentlemen, please vote for me on May 18th.