The most important thing in politics is honesty, and politicians should pursue people's matters, not their own. These past few days, unfortunately, have shown that at least one of the candidates should consider whether he has the moral right to seek the highest office in the Republic. The most important issues to address are, of course, security. 5% of GDP for security is an absolutely fundamental issue and controversial for some, although for me it is clear that we must spend more money on security. There are also matters that President Duda vetoed, such as the Silesian language or the morning-after pill, or finally, a very important matter for us, namely that women should decide about their lives and health. If these laws come to me again, I will sign them, and if not, I will propose my own solutions in this regard. Of course, motherhood and fatherhood are beautiful, but it is true that women must first feel safe. If they do not decide about their lives and health, they will not feel safe. I myself had exactly such a case in my family, and perhaps I would not have had a second child if this medieval anti-abortion law were in force, and it simply needs to be changed immediately. Women must be guaranteed safety. Free nurseries, which I introduced in Warsaw, are now becoming standard throughout Poland precisely thanks to this idea. Kindergartens and schools need to be built, as I am doing in Warsaw. The issue of IVF, where the PiS government took away this possibility. Fortunately, it has been restored. Safety, safety, security once again. Then women will be more willing to have children and ensure their future, also providing housing for young people. And here, local government simply does it best. This presidential campaign in recent days has shown what is most important. First of all, transparency. If we want politicians to be respected, all asset declarations of presidential candidates, for example, should be public from the very beginning. The second issue, of course, is honesty, because that is the most important thing today, and selflessness, namely, one should help selflessly, not for housing. The third very important issue is simply ordinary human decency. As we observe what has been happening in the last week, my opponent and his staff are in a frenzy, because the facts have simply come to light. They are nervous about how on earth someone informed the public about this, why journalists followed this lead. This precisely shows what values are needed in public debate. And the last thing, do not be indifferent. If we hear unacceptable slogans, someone attacking others, anti-Semitic slogans, someone praising Putin today, we must react. Mr. Sławomir, you were saying that you want to privatize healthcare, but healthcare must be public. This is the most important task for all of us. It needs to be reformed, money needs to be obtained from the European Union, from the KPO [National Reconstruction Plan]. This is exactly what I am doing, because you keep talking about what should be done. However, I manage 10 hospitals that are not indebted like other hospitals in Poland. I have precisely allocated 800 million zlotys to renovate these hospitals, to buy equipment for them. I have obtained 200 million zlotys from EU funds to fight cancer. I even built one hospital from scratch, the Southern Hospital. So it's not about talking about it, it's about doing it. Also, when it comes to the collapse of mental health care. This is exactly what we are doing. I have opened a whole network of clinics, because we simply want to help and solve problems, not just talk about them. Mr. Nawrocki helped Mr. Jerzy with housing, not selflessly, and he committed to helping him for the rest of his life, but Mr. Jerzy is in a social welfare home and you haven't even had contact with him these past few years. However, when it comes to reprivatization, my dear sir, I will tell you that I did not return any apartment, contrary to what you say, and I am renovating vacant properties, expanding our base when it comes to communal housing. And finally, a fourth very important thing, we do not sell apartments. Unless it is an extreme situation and then we provide substitute housing, and the courts are responsible for evictions, and there have been none on the streets of Warsaw for many, many years, and none of those decisions that could cause such behavior as yours, and you will not obscure the situation here, you only spoke about Marszałkowska 66, there are nearly 4000 square meters there. I watched a very interesting program, and Ms. Urszula said that what the reprivatization mafia could not achieve, the city of Warsaw under Rafał Trzaskowski's rule did. Congratulations. You are more effective than the reprivatization mafia. Mr. Adrian, I did not run away from that question. I only told you, and I will remind you, yes, that you can take responsibility, more responsibility, less criticism. Just really, you have a chance, you have a chance to propose initiatives, you had a chance to be in the government, you had a chance to fight all these issues you talk about, and you constantly position yourself as a critic. As for nominations in the most important companies in the city, when it comes to management, waterworks management, bus management, management of these most important companies, there are, for example, specialists in these boards and the presidents are specialists without party affiliations. Besides, they remained from the previous governments, because I don't have any priority here to fill these positions. So both the president of the waterworks, and the president of the buses, and the president of the metro are people without party affiliations. From American tariffs, Nawrocki, as if he were running for governor of Ohio, not for the president of the Republic of Poland. The most important thing is Poland's interest, and of course, these tariffs are at odds with it, and that's why it was worth talking to Trump about them. We need good trade relations with America. We need a trade agreement, not tariffs. Because these tariffs harm Polish interests, harm American interests, harm European interests, and that's why it's very good that we are standing firm with Trump on this issue. Trump understood that he made a mistake in this matter. Perhaps it was his opening of the discussion on this topic, and I hope that we will be able to present these arguments to Trump effectively. More cooperation, fewer tariffs, because we are allies. When we are together also in trade, then we are strong. This is enormous potential for the United States, for Europe, and for Poland. Mr. Krzysztof, ever since I worked in the European Union in Parliament, I clearly stated that Russia was a threat and that Ukraine should be a buffer zone. You will find evidence of this. However, the interest of the United States and the interest of the European Union are exactly the same, namely, Russia cannot win this war. And it is clear that we all want peace, but this peace must be on fair terms. And this needs to be explained to President Trump. Not just taking a picture with him, but discussing it thoroughly with him and with Republican politicians. The threat to world order, if Putin could sell the end of this conflict as his victory, would weaken both the security of the United States and the security of Europe and Poland. We must deter, because Putin only understands the language of force, and that is why we must rearm, that is why we must secure our borders, and that is why we must convince Europeans, which is finally happening, to take the issue of security seriously. Putin understands nothing else. Yes, fortunately the government has also addressed this problem, and more rare diseases are now on the list, which can fortunately gain support and assistance from the state, and these children can fortunately be treated. I think that here, and I agree with you, even more effort is needed for the government to take rare diseases even more seriously, because indeed what you are talking about should be an absolute exception. Well, it happens, of course, everywhere in the world that good will from other people is also needed, because philanthropy functions all over the world, but the state should fulfill its basic functions here, and regarding this, there is full agreement, and I would be very happy to talk to you about it, because I see that you are involved in these matters. So, if we succeed, we agree to talk about how to expand these lists, how to pressure the government to address this problem even more thoroughly. Thank you very much. You were preparing centers for immigrants under your rule, and you know it well. However, in 2015, I fought to secure the border. We fought to solve the problems of migrants in third countries. And I fought for it and succeeded in getting a provision that clearly states that we will not accept any migrants at all if we help Ukraine. And that is exactly what happened. Therefore, thanks to these provisions, no migration pact will come into force, because we have already done our part regarding responsibility for migrants. We simply helped Ukraine, and that is an absolutely clear matter. We secured the border that you did not secure. And what's more, the NCKU report shows that under your PiS rule, over 300,000 visas were issued in Asia, Africa, in marketplaces. That's what your migration policy looked like. Your Szefner's office. Don't laugh, the guy who's leading your campaign. That's exactly how it looked. You can talk and talk, but when it comes to doing it, we do it. We secure the border and also visa policy. Why did you vote against the law on... This is an ordinary conference where discussions take place about what is happening in the world. For example, I met President Trump's son-in-law there, whom I sat with at the table and discussed transatlantic relations. The head of NATO was there. Serious people come there to discuss what is happening in the world. And such meetings take place. But the most important thing is, and you know it well, to have experience in foreign policy. These are some fringes. The most important thing is to know about the European Union, to know about the North Atlantic Alliance, to have relations there, to be able to establish these relations. I have been doing this all my life and I have built effective alliances precisely to protect Polish interests. Whether it concerns securing our border, or creating a strong state in Ukraine to serve as a buffer between us and Russia, or building an energy union, thanks to which we could become independent from Russian supplies. This is real politics, not some meetings and conferences. There is no longer a European Green Deal, because the world has changed regarding the issue of supply chain breakdown and the need for us to invest in our industry and our competitiveness. Furthermore, we must, of course, fight climate change, we must pursue environmental policy, but without those burdens that were too high for us and the European economy in this situation, but we must indeed invest in green streets, in energy saving, in renewable energy sources. Finally, something has happened in this regard over the last year and a half, and we need to propose a real energy transformation, which we need. We also need to invest in zero-emission transport. This is exactly everything that I have been doing in Warsaw and what I am doing in Warsaw, because we need it. It is simply beneficial. We win on these types of solutions, and they do not harm our competitiveness, and that is exactly what we must do and are doing. Madam Speaker, these are two completely different issues, namely, I am against raising taxes and we currently need an economy that will develop very quickly. That's not the way forward. However, as for shortening working hours, the world is changing completely due to new technologies. And I hope that soon Polish women and men will indeed be able to work less, not more. And that we will also listen to the voice of the younger generation, which clearly tells us that they would like to have more time for their friends, for their family, that they don't want to work like these generations, like ours, like the generations of our fathers, grandfathers, who worked non-stop. We will see if we can afford it. Perhaps yes, when it comes to these types of solutions. I am ready to talk also with the left. However, of course, responsibility is most important in these matters, but I will never close myself off to such conversations. And so we can talk and talk indefinitely. Again, you just insult people. which should never happen, and I think you should intervene in such a situation. However, when it comes to these zones, I will tell you what PiS did. PiS did the worst thing, namely they signed blank checks, let me clarify, blank checks. Yes, blank checks. They signed everything blind when it came to obligations to the European Union, and Morawiecki even introduced the obligation of a clean transport zone. One moment. In all cities of 100,000 inhabitants. And they still didn't take any money from the European Union, because everything was blocked. However, I will ensure that as much money as possible from the EU budget goes to Warsaw. As much as possible for these green investments, for green streets, for energy saving, for public transport. And yes, I spoke with parents and children suffering from asthma, and these nitrogen compounds produced by the oldest cars, these nitrogen compounds simply poison children, and we now have many questions from Karol Nawrocki and deaths. He has some total obsession. I mean, you're not focusing on what's most important, but on some media images. What's most important? The most important thing is that the Prime Minister of Poland, the Prime Minister of Great Britain, the President of France, and the Chancellor of Germany went to Kyiv to clearly discuss the prospects for peace, to show that it cannot be done without Europe, that Ukraine cannot be rebuilt without Poland, that Poland should benefit from this. They are talking to Trump and convincing Trump, and this is exactly how Europe should act under Polish leadership to pressure Russia, put total pressure on Russia, not on Ukraine. And thanks to this, Trump indeed agrees with Poland, agrees with Europeans and does exactly that. And this is the essence of everything that happened, not who arrived where in Kyiv. And let's be serious, it's very good that Europe is speaking with one voice on this matter and is then treated as a partner by Trump. It is able to convince Trump to put pressure on the aggressor, not on the victim of aggression. Yes, I have a question for Ms. Marshal Biejat, because, well, it saddens me that the Left is quarreling among themselves, because I would look for what unites us. Last time, I declared cooperation regarding housing. However, now I think that both you and I are concerned about the crisis in psychiatry. Is this the kind of topic that we could jointly address? Whatever happens, of course, in the course of this election campaign? Actions as much as possible. Well, precisely in Warsaw, there is a whole network of clinics to deal with this problem, also scholarships for doctors who choose such a specialization. Well, I am looking for what unites us. I thought we would be able to talk about it. However, when it comes to entrepreneurs, such was the commitment of the Civic Coalition, and after these horrendous burdens introduced by the pseudo-Polish Deal, they need relief. I agree with that. Thank you very much. Mr. Karol, I will make decisions of this kind when I become President of the Republic of Poland, and then I will carefully consider who should receive a nomination and who should not. However, when it comes to active policy towards Trump, yes, such a policy must be pursued, and above all, Trump and the Republicans must be presented with our vision of our interest. We must clearly tell them that only through our policy will the European Union speak with our voice, and the Americans want exactly that, namely greater investment in security, because simply Europe must take on greater responsibility. This is exactly what will convince Trump to treat us as partners. And today this is absolutely crucial. I have experience, contacts with Republicans, and I will be guided, when making decisions regarding ambassadors, precisely by this – that they will strengthen my experience, that they will work to make our relations as close as possible and that our arguments will reach Trump. Mr. Krzysztof, I was talking about the heads of the largest companies, while Mr. Sygód was thrown out of television by PiS, because he is simply a journalist and a specialist and he dealt with, he did not deal with promotion, he dealt with precisely what he knows, information and promotion. However, the fact that he returned to television today, well, he was a journalist with many years of experience. He was expelled from television solely because he did not want to repeat lies and propaganda. And today he returned to this television, and believe me, Mr. Krzysztof, I had absolutely nothing to do with it. Actions as much as possible. Well, precisely in Warsaw, there is a whole network of clinics to deal with this problem, also scholarships for doctors who choose such a specialization. Well, I am looking for what unites us. I thought we would be able to talk about it. However, when it comes to entrepreneurs, such was the commitment of the Civic Coalition, and after these horrendous burdens introduced by the pseudo-Polish Deal, they need relief. I agree with that. Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, these elections are, of course, about security. These elections are about economic patriotism, about equality of opportunity, so that everyone has the chance to receive exactly the same public services, regardless of where they were born or where they live. But recently, it has also become important to remember the most important values that should guide us. It is solidarity, it is empathy, it is respect and openness to others, to everyone. Building a community with everyone who wants to talk about Poland. Well, except, of course, those who think only about themselves, and not about others. And in these last days, it turned out how important values such as simply ordinary human honesty, decency, and selflessness are. Because, yes, we should help others, but in a selfless way, like transparency, but above all, like truth. Because a politician simply cannot be afraid of the truth. Truth must prevail, and that is the most important thing today. And of course, in the end, what I always say and what we cannot forget, namely, do not be indifferent. We must react if evil is happening. We must react if we hear a lie. And these elections are about that. Go to these elections. Mobilization is very necessary, because these elections are precisely about that. About honesty. I ask you all for your vote. And this is the last chance, a proposition, to behave honestly. Please, Mr. Karol. Please accept, read this, read it, and you will see how one can behave honestly.