Karol Nawrocki, a political recidivist in lying, commenced with moral judgements, and I will simply answer your question. First, against the polls, I will become the president of Poland, because polls do not determine who will be the president of Poland, and I will not look at them as the future president. I made difficult decisions as the director of the Museum of the Second World War when Rafał Trzaskowski's circles laughed that there were no Polish heroes at Westerplatte. I found and buried them. I made difficult decisions liquidating objects of Soviet propaganda, despite being persecuted by the Russian Federation today. I will be such a president. I will ensure your safety. I will not send Polish soldiers to Ukraine, regardless of public opinion polls. I will build a Polish-American Alliance and I will not agree to the construction of NATO bis of the European Union, regardless of the polls. The very phrasing of this question diagnoses the problem. Promoting anti-values or the values of death, not life, is certainly a problem that affects the demographic dimension of the Polish state. Therefore, we need to return to supporting Polish families and to those values that encourage Poles to start and care for their families. With respect, of course, for those who make different choices. Indeed, the problem of demographics and depopulation of the Polish state is very important, but I don't know if you realize how important it is in the Polish provinces, in small and medium-sized towns. The Civic Platform government wanted to close over 100 maternity and gynecology departments, and only social resistance prevented that from happening. My program will include a large project, "Return Home Poland," aimed at all Poles around the world, and PIT tax exemptions for parents of two or more children. Thank you very much. I came to politics from service to Poland. I have actually been a politician for six months. Candidacy for the presidency is the start of my political life, and until today, throughout my life, I have not been a member of any political party. You have set us up nicely, because this difference can be drawn between me and Rafał Trzaskowski. Here stands a conglomerate of briefs, political polls, a product of a political laboratory, the result of a political laboratory of an ex-deputy minister, a minister, a vice-chairman. I am simply a human being of flesh and blood. I am one of you, a citizen of the Polish state, and I will represent you perfectly. This difference is also visible in independence. I say, first Poland, first Poles. Mr. Rafał Trzaskowski, German foundations, Soros, ladies and gentlemen, so this also gives me a certain kind of independence. The Marshal is talking about a lawsuit. Please be careful, Mr. Marshal, because after what you are saying, I hope you don't expect a lawsuit. I wanted to encourage all viewers of Polish television, Polsat television, ladies and gentlemen, and TVN to visit my social media. There is a current video there explaining what happened with Mr. Jerzy's apartment. I helped a man, Mr. Marshal. I helped a man, I bought an apartment from him and ultimately donated it for charitable purposes. I think that if each of you, owners of many apartments or your colleagues, would do the same, Poland and the world would be better. Please be calm about the fate of this apartment. I encourage you to familiarize yourselves with the new material on my social media. I hope your televisions will also broadcast this film. And this operational game that affected me and the leaks from my file, which are in the special services, are disturbing regarding the state of Poland right now. Of course, I myself come from the world of social activists. I was the chairman of the Siedlce district council for 6 years, and I think that local government officials at every level truly do a lot of hard work for the Republic of Poland and have excellent experience, which is also evidenced by your participation in this presidential race. So, as president of Poland, I will support both social environments and non-partisan local government officials. Often, in Polish local governments, responsibility for the entire Republic of Poland is confined. All the more, I am surprised today by Donald Tusk's government, that it is liquidating the balanced development of the Polish state. All these programs aimed at Polish local governments, which built local Poland and finally bridged the gap between Poland A and Poland B, have been liquidated by the government due to public finance inefficiency. You can count on me. Distinguished Mr. Vice-Chairman, first of all, you lack the moral standing to speak on housing matters. Let me remind you that you were the chief of staff for Hanna Gronkiewicz-Waltz and are co-responsible for the reprivatization scandal in Warsaw, for the apartment clear-outs. You are co-responsible for those who broke windows at night, in winter, for people who were evicted from their apartments, and for those who put a Warsaw Uprising veteran in a basement. You did not build any communal housing in 2022-2023, and 14,000 apartments were built by developers who contribute to your election campaign. I helped Mr. Jerzy as I said, and I made sure that your colleague, because in Gdańsk there are similar practices as in Warsaw, you have the same customs, right? Mr. Jerzy did not lose his communal apartment, and this proof from since I have been the owner of this apartment since 2017 shows that I still took responsibility and was ready for Mr. Jerzy, and you would have kicked him out of his home and changed his locks. Trzaskowski, this brazenness and insolence is simply unbelievable. Of course, a trade war, a tariff war between the United States and the European Union is bad and would be bad for both the United States and the European Union. This is obvious. Although we, as Poland, are in a slightly different situation than other EU countries, we have a trade deficit with the United States. We buy both gas and weapons. Above all, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to draw attention to the neglected and abandoned Polish government's presidency of the Council of the European Union. This should become a forum for discussion, for dialogue between the European Union and the United States. And Poland, through its presidency, should be at the forefront of this dialogue, deciding on our military and economic relations. As you know, I was in the United States, I met President Donald Trump and important American politicians and I will ensure Poland's relations with both the United States and the European Union. My visit to the White House clearly upsets my older colleagues who lack backbone. This refers to Mr. Stanowski. Ladies and gentlemen, the strategic interest of the Polish state is, of course, to push back the threat of neo-imperial, post-communist Russia as far as possible, so that peace in Ukraine is lasting, just, and not just a delayed war. This is obvious. It is also worthwhile for the Polish president to participate in discussions, or even for the Polish prime minister not to be sent to the second car by the German chancellor, but for Poland to actually be part of these negotiations on the international stage. Here, relations with the United States, not just photos, but also relations, are very important. However, I also remind you that we should never fall into over-optimism regarding Ukraine's entry into the European Union or NATO, or allow the threat of unfair competition from Ukraine. We also have our national interests there. To that question? Indeed, the personal equipment of soldiers is a matter that both the Ministry of National Defense and the Future Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces should diligently address. However, I highly appreciate what happened during the 8 years of the United Right government under Minister Błaszczak. American and South Korean contracts for K2 tanks and American HIMARS launchers. This was a process that gave us a sense of security, and it does not mean, Mr. Chairman, that we should forget about the personal aspect of equipping each individual soldier. This also includes good relations with both the John Biden administration and the Donald Trump administration. So, in this regard, Minister Błaszczak's performance, also in the context of the presence of 10,000 American soldiers in the Republic of Poland, I consider a good time for building the Polish and I have a quote here. This question is for Mr. Rafał Trzaskowski. "We submitted a preliminary proposal to Brussels to accept 2000 people. First, we want to launch a pilot program in which we will offer to accept the first refugees." These are the words of Rafał Trzaskowski from July 2015. Mr. Trzaskowski was a minister at the time. So, we see that you supported migration, you created pilot projects. Has that changed today? Are you in favor of migrants forcing their way across Polish borders? you didn't create a pilot program for 2000 from Syria? Now you answer my question. Mr. Vice-Chairman, we are returning to my question. Perseveration is such a word. You can't say anything without returning to PiS and saying, "You, you, Mr. Vice-Chairman, you introduced pilot programs in 2015." Madam Speaker, I believe that until Ukraine starts treating Poland as a partner, and not as a junior partner. If it doesn't agree to exhumations in Volhynia, if Ukraine doesn't understand that unfair competition from Ukraine is destroying Polish businesses, agricultural businesses, transport businesses, then until then, Ukraine cannot count on my support for joining the European Union. Or NATO. Of course, there are strategic, geopolitical interests of the Polish state that need to be considered over decades, but Ukraine today isn't seeking dialogue with us on these matters that are important to us Poles. Poland is not an auxiliary farm for Ukraine, but it must be a partner of Ukraine, and we support, and I, as president, will also support Ukraine in defeating post-Soviet Russia. This is obvious. So, at this stage, I agree with what I said some time ago and I believe that in this form, Ukraine should not join either the European Union or NATO. I respect the President, but I call myself... Dear MP, at that time I used a term that I heard, to my delight, in many speeches by Mr. Sławomir Mentzen, my exact quote from the radio was that in an ideal world, we should not maintain relations with a state that is imperial, that is criminal, that murders civilians. So it was an attempt to lead us to an ideal world and isolate such a criminal as Vladimir Putin. Of course, in the situation we are in today, neither in an ideal world nor, unfortunately, in an ideal Poland. These relations will probably be maintained for many reasons, but I hope, dear MP, ladies and gentlemen, that what is happening today in Ukraine due to the Russian Federation, however naive this may be, will be the last act of the criminal activity of the Russian Federation. Yes, of course, I calculated it, but not personally. You probably didn't expect that. For such things, there are, of course, advisors and those who cooperate with me. If we consider the budget gap, the VAT gap, the VAT gap that exists in the Polish budget today, then from this gap, after its elimination, and thus from the budgetary armor, which is also provided for in my contract with Poles, it will be possible to fulfill these postulates that I proposed in my contract. This also includes the tax exemption for parents of two or more children up to the threshold of 1400 PLN. My postulates also include, of course, increasing the second tax threshold from 120,000 PLN to 140,000 PLN. This is a postulate that results from my nearly 300 meetings with citizens, where people simply say that this is a certain limitation for those who aspire. No, but you are repeating, Marshal, that in Article Seven of Donald Tusk's treaty with France, there is also ETS2, which is a very current matter. I am saying what thousands of Poles all over Poland are telling me. The Green Deal is destroying Polish farms, destroying Polish forests, destroying electricity prices. It's time for a question from Joanna Senyszyn. Of course, I won't give you exact production statistics, but I will, of course, refer to this. I even have such an election slogan: mining, extracting, and developing the Republic of Poland. I am a supporter of black, black gold, meaning Polish coal, until we reach the most flexible and stable energy source, which is nuclear energy. Of course, renewable energy sources should be strengthened, but it must be clearly stated that they will not secure the development of the Polish state and our energy needs. Uh, so regarding the statistics for your specific question, I don't think anyone expects a candidate for president to have that kind of data in their head, but I will support Polish mining, Polish miners, and Polish metallurgy on our common path to nuclear power. Thank you very much, doctor. Yes. In the previous round, you asked Mr. Hołownia a question, so perhaps you can now ask Mr. Trzaskowski. Mr. Vice-Chairman, we have a head of mission in Washington who called Donald Trump unbalanced. In Rome, we have an ambassador who said that Poland and the European Union should pay for Nord Stream. So I have a question for you, would you sign the nominations for ambassadors Klich and Ambassador Sznepf in Rome? Excellent idea. Perhaps you will become the ambassador to Washington, I will become president, and Mr. Bogdan Klich will return to Poland. As for Mr. Sznepf, you are probably united by your support for Nord Stream 2, so probably on the basis of such a common understanding, you would sign it, Mr. Chairman, nonsense and a lie regarding Nord Stream, and excellent, meaning you would sign it, Mr. Vice-Chairman, you know it's nonsense and a lie. Dear Poles, dear Poles, substitute topics, fake news, half-truths, and often vulgar lies cannot take away your understanding of what the upcoming elections, which will take place on Sunday, are about. They are about your security, the security of you, your children, and also your grandchildren. We will be safe if there are no illegal immigrants in Poland. If we strengthen the Polish eastern and western borders and treat our borders as fortresses of the Polish state against the influx of illegal migrants. I will secure this and be the guardian of your security. I will strive for a unilateral denunciation of the migration pact. But these elections are also about whether the Green Deal ideology will destroy our farms, our forests. Or whether a foreign ideology will enter Polish schools, which need good Polish education, not something that is not ours and does not come from us. This coming Sunday, we must clearly say that Poland should remain Poland with its over 1000-year heritage, with its values, with its tradition. I want such a Poland. Vote for such a Poland.