Ladies and gentlemen, just now, the rotating Marshal [of the Sejm] made many contradictory statements. It was he who initiated a witch hunt against me, an ordinary citizen. Do not believe that such people will be able to properly apply clemency as presidents, for example. Mistakes and judicial errors happen. The Marshal says that he will treat ordinary people well, but politicians badly. And he himself, almost at the head of this political class, created a witch hunt that de facto harms the interests of our country and its citizens. We must have very good relations with all heads of state. These heads were chosen by their nations, and we must respect that. Besides, these are UN regulations. My opponents have proven that they are not worthy. Ladies and gentlemen, if we have a lower birth rate, then do not doubt for a moment that someone wants it to be that way. Once upon a time, when many children were born, and not only in Poland, if something happened to one of those children, it was simply a tragedy in the family. Today, it's a prosecutor. Everyone therefore calculates how I am supposed to take care of this child. They quickly come to a simple conclusion: I need money, I need a nanny, I need a separate room, and so on and so forth. This money is not available, because many of my opponents extract this money through excessive taxes for nonsense or for war equipment purchased abroad. We need to change the law, put an end to this prosecutor. This is already a sufficient tragedy in the family, as well as reduce the extraction of money from us, because we will all leave this place, and these children will be born, but outside the borders of our country. Maciej Maciak replies: "Marshal Hołownia spoke of values. I don't know if, Marshal, he was referring to values such as filling positions with your own people. There is now a new state housing company in Włocławek. At least three people connected to you are with this company. Perhaps you are speaking of such values. Ladies and gentlemen, the party systems of most of my opponents carry them. And behind them comes immense money. I wish most of my opponents good luck, that they might succeed independently, solely with the support of ordinary citizens, who work daily, maintain families, and even devote a portion of their time to supporting me as their representative. It is unimaginable to me that they would succeed. I have such public support and am not treated as a politician, although I wish to be a politician." Just answer, don't bluff. Uh, such proof of humanity. Americans travel to Russia for difficult health matters. It's one-third the price there. In the case of this child you promoted today, if Vladimir Putin agreed to cure him for free, would you promote it? You still have time for a rebuttal, ladies and gentlemen, well, in that case, Mr. Stanowski condemns us to poverty. The last case of a girl with that Batman birthmark, specialists from St. Petersburg clinics are saving this child, an American citizen. There are many such cases. And Mr. Stanowski prefers to overpay in the States, where Russian doctors also fly. Time. Maciej Maciak has 20 seconds for a rebuttal. We were supposed to talk about international relations. And I hear, ladies and gentlemen, about tanks and bombs, and a song came to my mind. What do you have in your heads? Are your tanks, your bombs like zombies, ladies and gentlemen, this is sick. Can't we pursue international policy like China does? They are liked and invited. The whole world will respect such a nation and such a country. Oh, your time is up. It's funny to observe European politicians, including us here in this debate and the rest of the political class, how they panic in the EU and in Poland, how they panic. What to do, what to do, what will happen? Well, they should have thought about it earlier and not squandered such crazy ideas about cutting themselves off from the most promising Eastern markets. Today, in this situation, every independent sovereign country, okay, you impose tariffs on us, we'll find a market in another country. Today, with this policy, to which some unserious EU politicians have led, we are at the end of the world as Poland. Behind us, on our eastern border, begins the most promising market for all promotions, and now all we have left is to gnash our teeth and endure poverty. Ladies and gentlemen, I don't regret that I stopped watching mainstream media, as such content comes from the mouths of my opponents here, like children from kindergarten repeating after their parents. I hear here repetition after, precisely, publications from mainstream media. Ladies and gentlemen, every truthful and wise person knows perfectly well that Ukraine will lose this war. The longer it lasts, the more Ukrainians will lose their lives. And after this great tragedy, they will start looking for culprits and blaming. I am afraid that with such a fragile political class as we have, these people will not be able to defend us from the nasty thesis that will appear, that it was because of you Poles that we Ukrainians died, and then we all have a serious problem. We must act as quickly as possible like Hungary, Slovakia, neutrality. Maciej Maciak has 20 seconds for a rebuttal. We had to talk about international relations. And here I hear, ladies and gentlemen, about tanks and bombs, and a song came to my mind. What do you have in your heads? Are your tanks, your bombs like zombies, ladies and gentlemen, this is some illness. Can't we pursue international policy like China does? They are liked and invited. The whole world will respect such a nation and such a country. Oh, your time is up. Ladies and gentlemen, the same issue concerns reparations, which various circles demand, while at the same time criticizing the current government. Should we then give this government money from reparations? The same applies to nuclear power plants, which Mr. Grzegorz Braun demands. Let them do it. Yes. And they will certainly do it well. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, all these treats that some candidates have cooked up for us here, they really won't happen. We are in a terrible situation, not only when it comes to war, but also when it comes to democracy. In this election campaign, I had no chance whatsoever to convince you. None at all. Minute-long statements only in some media, because Telewizja Republika, which holds a national license, refused me participation in their debates multiple times, even though it's a licensed activity. Polsat, represented here by Mr. Witwicki, such a scandalous statement by Mr. Witwicki directs you. If you want to know something, go to Russia Today. Unfortunately, Russia Today reports the truth much more often than Polsat. The same goes for the Washington Post. That's why I stopped watching Polish mainstream media, because it makes no sense. Ladies and gentlemen, all these people put a lot of energy into intonation, into style, because it affects us. Because it affects us. Their questionable talents do not bring us any benefits in contacts with other countries, or powers, or capital. Take this into account when voting. Thank you very much.