Ladies and gentlemen, credibility is paramount. Those who today in the election campaign promise you this or that, those of you who have had the chance to get to know me, to hear about me, not necessarily good things, know one thing. I can stand alone against everyone. I can fight for the Polish national interest and stand on the ground of Polish raison d'état, even if polls and mainstream media do not support me. Even if I am speaking live on this television for the first time in years, I maintain credibility in pandemic, immigration, war, and European matters. This is Poland. Poland for Poles, and let it remain so. Legal infanticide is a way to meet the needs of irresponsible men. Let's protect children. My national security council will also include pro-lifers, defenders of life, including the life of little Felek, murdered in Oleśnica in the ninth month of pregnancy with a potassium chloride injection to the heart, which is forbidden in veterinary medicine because it would be animal torture. What kind of Poland is this where such practices are possible, praised, and promoted at the highest level? Let's protect life, because it is a criterion of legal and constitutional standards. Credibility is something you earn long-term over years. And that is precisely the strong card I lay before you here, and I count on you to decide on May 18th to regain independence, not to endlessly negotiate the terms of subservience. As for the political class, well, opportunity makes the thief. Therefore, the number of these opportunities must be radically reduced, a strong state must be established here, at least presidential rule, and an end to official impunity. Capital punishment, yes. Death penalty for criminals, traitors of the state, spies. A foreign agents law. Such things would be useful to us, ladies and gentlemen, otherwise, all hell will break loose. How interesting that left-wing candidates, European communists, who here show concern for the lack of housing for Polish youth, at the same time advocate for the implementation of European Union norms that effectively block the development of housing. Mr. Chairman Zandberg, could you explain this phenomenon? You advocate for, for example, higher electricity prices. This 40% surcharge from the Euro-kolkhoz, and at the same time you tell fairy tales about housing development. Time for a repost from Braun. Oh, yes. Left-wing fairy tales of whims and fantasies. A nuclear power plant that we don't have, but are supposed to have in God knows how many years or decades. And meanwhile, electricity is the most expensive in Europe. Ladies and gentlemen, good news from my side. If you decide so on May 18th, during my term, we are returning to coal because only that is profitable. We are returning to coal, Artur Bartoszewicz. Well, we need to regain independence so that electricity prices are not the highest in Europe. So that they don't send migrants, refugees, and invaders to us. So that we don't spend 5% of GDP on Ukrainians. So that we are not sent to someone else's war. We simply need to regain independence. I am the only candidate in these elections who propagates this program. We cannot agree on our freedom, security, health, and life if we allow foreigners to rule our lives. Let's regain independence, because otherwise, taxes will never be low, nor simple, nor will our children be born safely and not be exposed to medical experiments. Let's regain independence. Well, we need to regain independence. We should not hang Polish interest, Polish raison d'état, on foreign pegs. Regardless of where that peg is located, whether in Washington, Moscow, Berlin, London, Brussels, Jerusalem, Tel Aviv, we need to pursue our own policy and make good deals. To make these good deals, we need to normalize relations with our closest neighbors first and foremost. There is life outside this entanglement of current Polish policy dependencies. There is EFTA, the European Free Trade Association, there is BRICS, a very promising project because it is not based on political doctrines, but on prospects of profitable economic exchange. One should not pursue a one-vector policy. Let's regain independence. Peace, not war, normalization, not escalation. It is in Poland's interest that we no longer be the biggest financial contributor to someone else's war, that we not be the guarantor of the policies of great powers played out over our heads. This is how it is today. 5% of GDP to Ukraine, disarming the Polish army for Ukraine's needs. Ladies and gentlemen, when this war ends, we will have a problem with the Banderite remnants of a fallen Ukrainian state. If, in addition, German armaments develop at our expense and a European Wehrmacht is created, it will be a difficult situation. It is better to avoid it. It is better to call for peace today. I have a clear record in this matter. In one of the radio programs not long ago, President Nawrocki expressed the conviction that diplomatic relations with Russia should be broken off. Do you uphold that? And if so, how will you go about bringing back the Tupolev wreckage? Or is the truth about Smoleńsk no longer important to you? And now for Grzegorz Braun's rebuttal. What about the Smolensk wreckage? I see you've calmed down a bit, and that's commendable. Clearly, you have low resistance to media pressure. And well, you're chasing the ball that was hit. I'm a supporter of normalization, of a rational policy in relations with neighbors. Nothing has changed, dear editor. The context has changed, but what remains unchanged is that I am simply kind to people, and I have not wished for hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians to be buried, and I have not wished for Ukrainians to become the first victims of this war, which is also prolonged by their current Kyiv Banderite regime. I called for peace when it was not fashionable, and at the same time, I opposed the Ukrainization of Poland when it was not fashionable. When I said 10, or maybe even more, years ago that I saw the possibility of peaceful coexistence between our nations, please note, I talked about transactions, not about us spending 5% of our GDP on Ukrainians. Ladies and gentlemen, yes, a quarter of a million people died prematurely not from a virus on a TV screen, but as a result of the blockage of the healthcare system, a blockage that was jointly introduced by both the United Right and the then total opposition, now the smiling democracy fighting against Poles. Yes, these are crimes, ladies and gentlemen. This was putting the public in danger. This was violating constitutional rights, medical confidentiality, the right to privacy. This was the destruction of hundreds of thousands of businesses in Poland. And if these crimes were to go unpunished, what kind of Poland would that be? Yes, the Nuremberg 2.0 project, which I initiated at the time, gathered quite a lot of evidence, and we will return to it, but we need to regain independence. Still a rebuttal. Yes, this is a classic genre performance by Europhiles, globalists who want to discriminate against you, who want to make it difficult for you to build your own home, apartment, because they accept all these building directives, green, rainbow "Łady". They want to make it difficult for you to move around in the name of fighting for imagined human health. The previously announced Karol Nawrocki. His question. A few minutes ago, we heard that the Green Deal no longer exists. That's what Rafał Trzaskowski announced. Meanwhile, in Article Seven of the treaty between Poland and France, signed on Friday by Donald Tusk, there is the implementation of the Green Deal in its worst form with green taxes. So I wanted to ask Szymon Hołownia, does he support the Green Deal, as you have repeatedly tried, you are trying to make it out that you are pulling out this Green Deal, not only the Green Deal, for that matter, and you are trying to scare children with it like a monster that no one has seen and will not see, but it grows from story to story. Today you can continue to scare people with the Green Deal, if you want, but this is just talk, empty words. Today you should do everything to fight with us to delay the entry into force of ETS2, because that is indeed a problem today that Polish companies, transport, agriculture, and homes will face. We should talk about that. We should talk about why your environment blocked Polish wind energy for so many years and only now are we undoing it. Where were you when we, in 2024, ensured that 30% of Poland's energy mix is already from renewable sources? We are now building the largest energy storage facilities in Europe. We are building wind farms in the Baltic Sea. Talk about your effectiveness in what should have been done long ago. My question to you, as you claim to be the future president. Will you be an ally in this with wise and sensible people... You hear it, ladies and gentlemen, the second person in the country has no knowledge. Perhaps the older and wiser ones do not confide their plans to Mr. Hołownia, but the German press praises their Prussian party in Poland, represented here by Mr. Trzaskowski, and also Mr. Marshal Hołownia. Globalists can always count on their subcontractors in Warsaw. Compatriots, let us regain independence so that we may live in safety and raise our children and grandchildren as Poles in safety. In the current state of affairs, this will not be possible if they lead us into the Ukrainian war, if they bring refugees, migrants, and interlopers to us as re-exports from Germany and the entire European Union, if they destroy our agriculture and mining with the Green Deal, if they disinform and deprave our children with the rainbow agenda. If Germans, Jews, and Anglo-Saxons teach our children history where Poles built death camps, where Polish Nazis were. That is what the minister in Warsaw says today. Ladies and gentlemen, we can stop this. We can live as free people, with dignity and safety. 120 Jewish organizations condemn me in recent days. Banderites place me on their proscription lists, but they are not after me, they are after you, ladies and gentlemen, and I am only standing in their way.