I am very glad to finally be in this temple of propaganda, and I am very glad to see the high priestess of propaganda before me. Although I thought you would burn with shame after most of the election committees protested against your presence during the debate, but apparently I expected too much, and some people do not burn with shame. Well, this is not the first time in history that a person like Ms. Sznef is interrogating Poles. I hope we all leave here safe and sound. But it's good that you are here, because you are a true symbol of what is happening with Polish media, what happened before, and what is still happening: that it is not pure water, but the same sewage as before, that the president of TVP today is a man who managed Rafał Trzaskowski's bus company, that your husband is waiting for an ambassadorial nomination from the new president. We guess who it is. This is not objectivity. This is not objectivity. You shouldn't be here. I had to say this on behalf of all the campaign teams that expressed their opposition. Thank you. First, let's look after the children who are still alive, with emphasis on "still." I'm wearing this hoodie today, not because I don't have a suit at home, because I have several. I'm wearing it because I got it from Ignaś's parents three months ago. They asked me to wear it on some popular show I would be on. I decided that today's show would be popular enough to present it. Siepomaga.pl, Slash, Rescue_Ignaś. These people next to me created a state that cannot save children. They talk beautifully about it, but they can't save children. They created a state where parents go begging, go to famous people, and ask for any support. These people won't save Ignaś. You can, if you go and donate one zloty, ten, one hundred zlotys today, right now, because this fundraiser is stalled. These people have 100 ideas, 200 specifics, 300 promises. What specifics do you have for parents of children who are currently begging and pleading for mercy? What solutions do you have for them? First, a request to the lady, to the moderator, to keep an eye on the clock, because those are the tasks here and nothing more. Yes. In front of me are many flags, gadgets, a serious debate. Apparently, you can't have gadgets. This is the first time during these elections that public television has invited candidates. Uh, if you want, you can, you can use them, you can take these flags for yourself, maybe to plow over your opponent, go ahead. Uh, I have here a flag of feminism and Germany, and Poland, and Kyrgyzstan. Everything will be found here for everyone, something pleasant, because it's not serious. After all, these are presidential elections. Are we choosing someone who has the best comeback, who in a minute will say how to improve the birth rate in Poland, who in a minute will deal with the war? Well, that's what presidential elections in Poland are about, who can best dis the opponent. These are unfortunately unfortunately jokes. This is how freak fights can look. Let's all fight even more, the viewership will be even higher. Marshal Hołownia will get a silver YouTube button. Ladies and gentlemen, I remind you that it was your representatives, your representatives who accepted and adopted the rules of our meeting today. I know that in your mind, Mr. Maciej, the Kremlin-backed Vladimir Putin is a man who cures sick children, conducts various therapies, and engages in charitable work. That's how it is in your mind. I've gathered that during previous debates, I've gathered that during your interviews. I know that a wonderful person lives in Moscow, whom we should admire. I have a slightly different idea and I see Mr. Putin's actions towards children a little differently, and I certainly wouldn't suggest sending anyone's children to Vladimir Putin, and I'd certainly feel safer if my child went to the United States for treatment. I remind you, siepomaga.pl. Save Ignaś. You can go to that website to save Ignaś. Vladimir Putin certainly won't save him. Despite your fantasies, which are truly bizarre. By the way, I wanted to say hello to my son, who is at green school. Greetings to the entire fifth-grade D. Thank you. I have a question for Marshal Hołownia. I wanted to ask about something from a moment ago, because you spoke so beautifully about women's rights to abortion. Therefore, I wanted to ask, is your statement that your role is to create a law closest to divine law, and that abortion is a grave crime, no longer current? Are these no longer your views? A politician, a responsible president should not behave this way. He should unite. There is time for repost. Politician. A politician is not just a politician, he is also a human being. I would like to know what kind of person you are and what your views will be when you stop being a politician. Will abortion then again be a grave crime, as you said? And is your role as marshal to create laws closest to divine law, because that is also your statement, because you lightly turn others into fuel? What will you do, like this or that? What do you think about this or that topic. You will do nothing, and you think nothing, because first you have to ask your superiors what you should do. The wrong people are participating in this debate. Donald Tusk should be standing here, and Jarosław Kaczyński should be standing here. Let them say what needs to be done, what needs to be thought, and so on and so forth. Let's not play such a charade. We are choosing here, I don't know, we are awarding an Oscar for the best supporting role. We should be awarding an Oscar for the best leading role. An Oscar for direction. People who will actually make decisions should be standing here, meaning Tusk and Kaczyński. The other candidates, after all, it is known that they are already thinking about the parliamentary elections and are trying to achieve the highest possible percentage of support for their party. One is thinking about Moscow, but that doesn't count. However, the people who are fighting for the presidency here cannot even push a button in an elevator themselves. So let's not pretend that these answers have any meaning. Mr. Rafał, in 2014, you lamented on Twitter that PiS would drag us into war with Ukraine if we started helping them. Then I read your book and found that you were the first to know that Ukraine needed help. I'm getting lost in all this. We had a chance to talk for two hours recently. You told me that you were always in favor of reparations and that you always told the Germans that they had to repay the war debt. I don't like it when someone lies to me, to be honest, and I like to return to it. I'm a bit resentful. You can't find your appeals for reparations from Germany anywhere. However, you can find your tweets in which you ridiculed, mocked reparations. You wrote that we should also demand reparations from the Swedes, from the Finns, from the Mongols. You can't have every opinion on every topic, depending on who asks. Really, let's be serious. You are to be president. I believe that a person over 50 should already have a backbone. I hope it really succeeds. I'll hold you to your word, because I'm fed up with living in a country where these fundraisers are everywhere, and the state just watches. At the same time, I wanted to tell the TVs that yes, the help servers went down for some time after my appeal, but we've already raised almost 2 million zlotys in two hours. The servers are up, you can still donate to Ignaś today. Will you send a punitive expedition? Or some kind of expeditionary force? I don't know if, when talking about buying up tenements in Rzeszów or Przemyśl, you were then talking about Ukrainization of Poland. I don't think so. In any case, it would probably be good if you spoke more often about the brotherly nation and less often about Banderites, because lately I haven't heard any positive description of Ukrainians from your lips at all, and meanwhile, years ago they were very common. Still, still a rebuttal. I must say, quite a nice TV contest show. "How they lie" - I liked it. Not the highest level. Looking at this level, I have the impression that Aleksander Kwaśniewski would win it in the first round, although I remind you that he was swaying drunkenly over Polish graves, so he also had his issues. Well, it is what it is. This TV contest show is mainly about swindling, no longer studios, but the entire presidential palace. Swindling through empty promises, promises beyond presidential competencies, pulling the wool over people's eyes. You can win such elections with a nuclear power plant, peace in the world, gasoline for 5.19, whatever. The point is for you to cast your votes, and for someone else to profit from it. A big swindle. Nevertheless, it was worth coming, because at the beginning of this program, there was 11 million to collect, now there are eight. We collected three, which is three more than will come from all these promises and bluffs that have been made here today and for 20 years, because it's just bickering about who stole more. It's about insulting each other. It's a choice between some who want to jail others, and others who want to jail the first ones. And some want to put some people in state-owned companies, and others want to put others. And there's nothing more to this whole bickering. At least I don't see any sense in it. I must say that he must be an outstanding man, because this whole campaign from Polish Television is outstanding. No long interviews with candidates, you can't get to know them. Some debate with short answers, it's simply a joke, not a realization of public mission. But 100 programs where we hear that you are wonderful, and your opponents are stupid. I don't know if that should be the mission of television. I don't know if it's true, because I haven't watched it, but apparently, in this PiS's eight-year rule, Mr. Stanowski had a program on TVP Kurski, and that might explain this obsession he's now pursuing. Now Rafał Trzaskowski asks the question. Yes, I have a question for Ms. Marshal Biejat, because, well, it saddens me that the Left is quarreling among themselves, because I would look for what unites us. Last time, I declared cooperation regarding housing. However, now I think that both you and I are concerned about the crisis in psychiatry. Is this the kind of topic that we could jointly address? Whatever happens, of course, in the course of this election campaign? I must say, quite a nice TV contest show. "How they lie" - I liked it. Not the highest level. Looking at this level, I have the impression that Aleksander Kwaśniewski would win it in the first round, although I remind you that he was swaying drunkenly over Polish graves, so he also had his issues. Well, it is what it is. This TV contest show is mainly about swindling, no longer studios, but the entire presidential palace. Swindling through empty promises, promises beyond presidential competencies, pulling the wool over people's eyes. You can win such elections with a nuclear power plant, peace in the world, gasoline for 519, whatever. The point is for you to cast your votes, and for someone else to profit from it. A big swindle. Nevertheless, it was worth coming, because at the beginning of this program, there was 11 million to collect, now there are eight. We collected three, which is three more than will come from all these promises and bluffs that have been made here today and for 20 years, because it's just bickering about who stole more. It's about insulting each other. It's a choice between some who want to jail others, and others who want to jail the first ones. And some want to put some people in state-owned companies, and others want to put others. And there's nothing more to this whole bickering. At least I don't see any sense in it.