Ladies and gentlemen, one of the most important topics for Poland and Poles is our healthcare. It concerns our lives, it concerns our health. The current inefficient, dilapidated healthcare system dates back to 2003. Politicians from both PiS and Platforma were afraid to touch it. They were afraid to carry out any reform precisely for fear of society's reaction. But this is such an important matter that it simply must be done. We must, of course, introduce competing health insurance funds, so that competition forces the highest quality of services. These types of systems are the most effective, the most innovative, and it simply has to be done. And I know that many may not like it, because they are used to the NFZ, but the NFZ is not working well. It is getting worse every year. Waiting lists for doctors are only getting longer. More and more hospital departments are being closed. This system has simply gone bankrupt and needs to be changed. Politicians must have the courage to finally, after 20 years, carry out a real reform of the NFZ, and introduce competition among Health Insurance Funds. Thank you. I haven't heard such utter nonsense in a long time, that Polish women don't want to have children just because they can't kill them afterwards. This is obviously untrue. Other reasons you give for why Polish women don't have children are also untrue. There are many countries where access to housing, schools, nurseries, and medical care is much better than in Poland, but the demographics there are not better at all. The problem is cultural. Polish women don't have children simply because, for various reasons, they don't want to. One of these reasons is precisely the propaganda you just experienced here. Presenting motherhood to Polish women as some great tragedy, presenting large families as pathological families. The truth is that motherhood is beautiful. Every gift of new life is beautiful. Fatherhood is also beautiful, and every child is simply a great gift. If media outlets such as the unfortunately public television in liquidation, TVN, Newsweek, Gazeta Wyborcza, would occasionally publish an article about how motherhood is truly beautiful, how one can fulfill oneself in this way, there would be more children in Poland. But unfortunately, you constantly present propaganda against having children. These studies don't surprise me at all. Politicians are indeed very bad and lazy people who can't cope in their normal lives. That's why they seek their fortune in politics. For me, it's a little different. Outside of politics, I could earn, and have earned so far, significantly more money than ever in politics. I am not a professional MP, I do not receive an MP's salary, I have not taken a single zloty for mileage or for renting an MP's car. I spend almost my entire parliamentary office budget on my employees' salaries. I could live off those employed in the parliamentary office, I could live quietly outside of politics in very comfortable conditions, but I decided to fight to make things finally better in Poland, to make something finally change in Poland. In this campaign, I have already conducted almost 340 meetings literally all over Poland. I wore out three pairs of shoes, used two suits, and devoted almost a year of my life, a year of presence in my home, to finally make something change in Poland. Rafał Trzaskowski. Please. It's exceptionally brazen for you to accuse me of only talking. The problem is that I recently discovered that this exact postulate was in the Civic Platform's program from 2011, when you promised to introduce exactly the same from 2013 onwards. You wrote in the program that it is the most innovative and effective system, but you only talk. For 20 years, you have not reformed the healthcare system. It's excellent, so now it's time for a question from Rafał Trzaskowski to Karol Nawrocki, because I will return to this apartment and one thing, because your brazenness is truly unbelievable. Namely, I have here a statement in which you committed to lifelong assistance to Mr. Jerzy. As we all know, Mr. Jerzy is in a social welfare home. Are you really not ashamed to sign such things, to talk about them? Please tell me, is he in a social welfare home or not? I admit I am shocked by this question. I would never have thought that not paying child support could have anything to do with honesty, reliability, or anything good. People who have children and do not pay for their upkeep, do not pay child support, should be prosecuted with the full force of the Polish state. And unfortunately, the state, built by PO and PiS for 20 years, does not do this. There are people who do not receive money, women who do not receive money to raise their children. And it is clear that we have systemic shortcomings here, that 20 years of PO and PiS was not enough to deal with this matter. And I admit that I have no idea how you could have thought that I could in any way support not paying child support or leaving children without care. This is absolutely shocking to me, and I don't know where you got that idea. I do not intend to seek the denunciation of the Concordat. I see no connection between the Concordat, between Poland and the Vatican, and Polish independence under the Concordat. Nobody forces us to pay a lot for electricity. Nobody forces us to abandon internal combustion cars and switch to electric cars. Nobody conducts our customs policy to harm our agriculture or our industry. No one imposes various harmful left-wing ideologies on Poland through the Concordat. Therefore, I believe that the Concordat agreement is completely harmless to Poland. It is absolutely obvious that independent, sovereign states establish various forms of cooperation and sign agreements with each other. This is how independent states operate. However, it is important that these states remain truly independent, and unfortunately, the direction the European Union is heading in is leading to Poland losing its independence. If they truly, and I am referring to Trzaskowski and Tusk, agree to changes in EU treaties, perhaps we will cease to be an independent state altogether. The answer is simple. I do not intend to reconcile national interests with the pursuit of further European Union integration, because I will not agree to further European Union integration. Polish national interests are much more important than the welfare of the European Union. It seems to me that every sane person should understand that further European Union integration is primarily in the interest of France and Germany, and not countries like Poland. Therefore, I will stand guard over Polish sovereignty. I know that the practice of previous governments, both PiS and Civic Platform, was completely different, but believe me, ladies and gentlemen, it is really possible to act differently, to primarily care about Polish interests, not foreign ones. Therefore, I will not agree to any changes to EU treaties. I will not agree to any further transfer of competence from the Polish government to Brussels. I will not agree to the implementation of the migration pact, to accepting illegal migrants into Poland, to paying them benefits. I will also not agree to and will lead to the rejection of the Green Deal, which increases our living costs. So, in summary, first and foremost, Polish interests, and an end to further European Union integration. Donald Trump primarily seeks to protect American interests. In this particular case, he is doing it ineptly, because I am convinced that everyone will lose on these tariff wars, including the United States. But the tragedy is that Poland is unable to protect our interests, because the European Union is entirely responsible for our customs policy. It is completely obvious that the European Union will prioritize the interests of Germany and France, not Poland. After all, the European Union is responsible for inundating the Polish market with Ukrainian food that does not meet our standards. The European Union is responsible for the Mercosur agreement, which will allow Germany to sell its industrial goods to South America, and South America to flood Europe with its cheap food, destroying Polish agriculture. The European Union has, after all, destroyed the Polish transport industry to the benefit of German and French companies. So let's not strive for further European Union integration, because there will simply be more and more situations where Polish politicians will have no means to protect Polish interests. Thank you very much. Poland has two fundamental interests there. The first is that Ukraine does not lose its independence, that it is not conquered by Russia, because of course we do not want Russian troops near Przemyśl or Rzeszów. And the second fundamental interest is that we cannot enter this war, we cannot be drawn into it, we do not want Polish soldiers to die. We do not want Russian bombs to fall on the streets of Polish cities, on our homes, on our blocks of flats. However, it is not in our interest where exactly the new border between Russia and Ukraine will run. Whether Crimea will be Russian or Ukrainian. If someone thinks otherwise, then the question is how they want to achieve this interest, because the Ukrainians no longer have the strength for it. And I hope that no one sane wants to send the Polish army to retake Crimea. How do I secure these interests? Well, first and foremost, I will not agree to send the Polish army to Ukraine. I will not agree to Ukraine joining NATO. We should focus on a strong Polish army. We need to build Polish ammunition factories and not get involved in this war. Thank you for those answers. I would not use such words, I would not employ them. However, I agree that the Polish army has significantly greater problems than the number of women in its ranks. At this moment, the average age of a Polish reservist, someone who has been trained and is currently able to be called up for military service, is 50 years old. Poland has five days' worth of ammunition reserves for war. Our annual production of 155 mm artillery ammunition is only enough for three days of defense for Ukraine. And despite this, for years, neither Platforma nor PiS have built new ammunition factories in Poland, and these are the real problems of the Polish army. Whether there are 1,000 or 2,000 women in the Polish military at the moment is irrelevant. What matters is that we need young, healthy, strong men who will also have weapons and ammunition. It is absolutely shocking that PiS and Civic Platform politicians did not realize that the Polish army needs ammunition. A randomly asked person on the street would say that we need soldiers, weapons, and ammunition, but Polish politicians did not realize this. I do not intend to seek the denunciation of the Concordat. I see no connection between the Concordat, between Poland and the Vatican, and Polish independence under the Concordat. Nobody forces us to pay a lot for electricity. Nobody forces us to abandon internal combustion cars and switch to electric cars. Nobody conducts our customs policy to harm our agriculture or our industry. No one imposes various harmful left-wing ideologies on Poland through the Concordat. Therefore, I believe that the Concordat agreement is completely harmless to Poland. It is absolutely obvious that independent, sovereign states establish various forms of cooperation and sign agreements with each other. This is how independent states operate. However, it is important that these states remain truly independent, and unfortunately, the direction the European Union is heading in is leading to Poland losing its independence. If they truly, and I am referring to Trzaskowski and Tusk, agree to changes in EU treaties, perhaps we will cease to be an independent state altogether. Question from Sławomir Mentzen. A question for Szymon Hołownia and your coalition partner Donald Tusk went to Kyiv as part of the so-called coalition of the willing. The question is, willing for what? Perhaps to send troops to Ukraine? In connection with this, the question is, do you allow for the possibility of sending Polish troops to Ukraine? If so, under what circumstances? Under what situation? Uh, I'm very happy that you've come to your senses, because in December 2023, you said that you would allow such a situation if it were under the NATO umbrella, so I'm very happy that you no longer do, but I asked under what circumstances, you said under no circumstances, and then you clearly stated under what circumstances it would be possible. I will not agree to send Polish troops to Ukraine, regardless of the circumstances, no Polish soldier will stand in Ukraine. No, I'm appealing for a strong army so that we can have it. But under whose rule? Well, they are under the rule of Poland, the Polish government, the Polish president. It is completely obvious that Poland needs a strong army under full Polish command. I do not agree with various strange ideas to support some European army, which no one knows who will command. A Polish soldier must be commanded by a Polish officer, and that officer by a Polish commander-in-chief. And it is very important that we have our own Polish strength, so that we do not depend on any competitors. I know that, unfortunately, not all Polish politicians would make good decisions for Poland. However, then we could at least have hope that they would try. However, if foreigners decide the fate of Poland, they will certainly not take into account our interests, but the interests of other countries, whether Washington, Berlin, or Moscow, as in your case. If you calculated it, you don't remember the amount, because you didn't give it, and I calculated it, so I'll help. I found that the cost is about 36 billion zlotys, which is a huge hole in our budget, and you can see the old school of Mateusz Morawiecki here, which means proposing a certain tax reform, not thinking it through, not calculating it. And then only problems arise, because taxes need to be simplified, lowered together with the reduction of expenses. In recent months, I have met with young people nearly 340 times, often quite soberly, so I have absolutely no problem with that. However, I believe that a politician does not have to pretend to be a rigid person who never drinks beer, but is always in a suit and pretends to be mortally serious. It is completely normal to meet people over a beer. Beer is an old, very common drink in our culture, and Poles talk to each other over a beer. I think this is a very good tradition. I have already had five editions of "Beer with Mentzen." These are really very pleasant meetings, which I invite everyone to. I personally like them very much. Looking at the attendance, it seems to me that the participants also do. However, of course, unlike the young girls you quoted, I do not drink vodka, I do not like vodka, I do not recommend it to anyone. However, beer is simply pleasant to drink. I have nothing against beer being advertised. Let's not make beer some terrible thing. Poles like and drink beer. No need for a rebuttal. I completely agree. I'm glad I can at least agree with you in this debate. It's high time, after these 20 years, to finally end the era of PO-PiS. It's a shame for Poland to have further rule by these two around 70-year-old gentlemen, Tusk and Kaczyński. Let's finally break this duopoly, end it, give Poland a chance for any change. No need for a rebuttal. I completely agree. I'm glad I can at least agree with you in this debate. It's high time, after these 20 years, to finally end the era of PO-PiS. It's a shame for Poland to have further rule by these two around 70-year-old gentlemen, Tusk and Kaczyński. Let's finally break this duopoly, end it, give Poland a chance for any change. Ladies and gentlemen, today I answered questions from my opponents, I answered questions from journalists. Tomorrow at 3:00 PM, there will be Mentzen Q&A live, on Szymborska passageway next to the Palace of Culture and Science in Warsaw. You can ask me questions. I will answer all your questions. If someone is not from Warsaw, I invite you to my YouTube channel. You can also ask a question there. And in this campaign, I have already visited about 340 Polish towns. Before the elections, I will visit all Polish counties, in each of which I will hold a meeting. I broke Andrzej Duda's record from 2015 for the number of meetings. And why do I put so much effort, time, work, and energy into this election campaign? Because I care so much about finally seeing something change in Poland after so many years, about finally moving forward on the most important matters for Poland and Poles. We don't have to agree on everything. There are probably no two Poles who agree on everything, but we can agree that it would be very good for everyone if the duopoly of PiS and Civic Platform could finally be broken, if Tusk and Kaczyński could finally be sent into retirement, and if things could finally be different in Poland. Believe that it is truly possible. Therefore, on May 18th, go to the polls, vote for change. Believe that Poland needs this change and that this change can be brought about. Go to the elections, take your families, your children, parents, grandparents, take your neighbors. Let's all go to the elections on May 18th and finally give Poland a chance. Let's change Poland.