Ladies and gentlemen, we have a housing problem to solve in Poland. Today, a significant portion of young people who work hard cannot afford their own roof over their heads. This is largely because PiS and Platforma successively pumped money into the system of credit subsidies, subsidies that ultimately land in the accounts of development companies. If you look at the Sejm, you will see that these two large parties support this solution. Also, of course, because developers pay them money, but also because there are some people in Poland who still believe that this system has a chance to work. I am convinced that subsidies do not work, that subsidies only inflate housing prices, and therefore I will veto any attempts to introduce subsidies for developers in Poland. I believe that we should focus on social housing, allocating 1% of Polish GDP to social housing, to finally solve the housing problem. Ladies and gentlemen, we have a housing problem in Poland. Today, a significant portion of young people who work hard cannot afford their own roof over their heads. This is largely because PiS and Platforma successively pumped money into the system of credit subsidies, subsidies that ultimately land in the accounts of development companies. If you look at the Sejm, you will see that these two large parties support this solution. Also, of course, because developers pay them money, but also because there are some people in Poland who still believe that this system has a chance to work. I am convinced that subsidies do not work, that subsidies only inflate housing prices, and therefore I will veto any attempts to introduce subsidies for developers in Poland. I believe that we should focus on social housing, allocating 1% of Polish GDP to social housing, to finally solve the housing problem. Ladies and gentlemen, the personal qualities of this or that politician are of secondary importance. The problem is systemic. When I meet people in meetings over the past months, I most often hear two things: that they are annoyed that politicians treat public property, common property, like a trough, to which they line up, having the appropriate party affiliation. And that politicians are in the pockets of big business. Both of these things can be changed in a fairly simple way. Firstly, by introducing fair tenders in state-owned companies and preventing active and former politicians from doing what they are doing today in state-owned companies. And secondly, by reducing the permissible donations to election campaigns, because today, unfortunately, some of my opponents are simply sponsored by large development companies. The Marshal mentioned these symbolic things related to how work in the Sejm looks. I agree, Marshal, but perhaps it's time to finally make a decision about banning the sale of alcohol in the Sejm during sessions, because that really is... You are not for the first time misinformed. Mr. Braun, I am in favor of us starting large investments in nuclear energy in Poland, because stubbornly sticking to coal in our economy has led to a situation where, within the next 10 years, the coal-fired power plants on which the Polish economy stands today will simply run out, they will not be able to operate further. If we do not manage to build eight nuclear blocks by then, our economy will be in trouble, and in fact, then electricity prices will skyrocket so much that we will remember today's high electricity prices with sentiment and nostalgia. We need to finally start investing in nuclear energy, investing in transmission networks, making sure that the Polish economy maintains its competitiveness in the perspective of the next 10, 15 years. And the path to this leads through investments, not through telling people fairy tales that we can continue to maintain the economy based on increasingly expensive coal mining. We must not deceive people. Now Adrian Zandberg asks the question. To Mr. Rafał Trzaskowski. Mr. Chairman, I already asked you this question once in a debate, but then you ran away from the answer. I hope you don't run away from it today. You promised before the elections that you would put an end to cronyism, that you would put an end to these bad PiS practices regarding state-owned companies. A year and a half has passed, and nothing has changed except that instead of PiS credentials, there are now Civic Platform credentials. People completely lacking competence, haters, are still hired in state-owned companies. Why did you deceive people? And are you not ashamed that you deceived people in this matter? Rebuttal. Mr. Chairman, well, please, a little seriousness. You are talking about initiatives in the Sejm. An initiative in the Sejm, which we and Mr. Hołownia's party voted for, was blocked by your party. The party of which you are vice-chairman. Please take responsibility for the party of which you are vice-chairman and for the party that is actually filling state-owned companies with thousands of party apparatchiks. That's not how it was supposed to look. The answer is very simple. Mr. Maciek, they should not be our friends and allies. Those who violate international law, those who pursue imperial policy, those who violate the sacred principle of non-aggression in international relations. If you are looking for a sympathizer of your, of Kremlin sympathies, you will not find him in me. No. We are talking about international relations. Perhaps we can understand from this that we were supposed to talk about that. But please, Madam Editor, it just so happens that I don't have those superiors that Mr. Stanowski mentioned. However, I must honestly say that I listened with some surprise to Mr. Jakubiak's statement, because when someone strikes us with tariffs, strikes us with a trade war, congratulating him is a certain masochism that, regardless of sympathy, seems a bit out of place, because we will certainly lose in a trade war. And now we must also say openly, the era of neoliberal globalization, the era of free trade, is coming to an end. We need to quickly rebuild production capacities in Poland, throughout the region, and in other EU countries, which we lost due to naive economic policy. We need to introduce protection, equal treatment for entities that produce in our country, in Europe, so that they are not inundated by unfair competition, as is happening today, for example, in the steel industry, but also partly this threat exists in agriculture. We need to rebuild our own production capacities and stop looking to Washington. Ladies and gentlemen, our most important task is to ensure Poland's security, the security of our borders, but this security is threatened by imperial policy, by the breaking of the principle of non-aggression in international relations, and therefore, Poland's raison d'état is a just peace on our eastern border. Just, meaning one that the Ukrainian society will also agree to. This is Poland's raison d'état, because Poland's raison d'état, contrary to what some may think, is that Russian troops should not be stationed in Lviv, and the collapse of the Ukrainian state, the loss of sovereignty by Ukraine, would lead to precisely that. Therefore, it is in our best interest that Ukraine defends its sovereignty, and that the sacred principle of non-aggression returns to international relations. Adrian Zandberg has time for a rebuttal. Mr. Karol, it really wasn't a high bar to clear to ensure that soldiers of the professional army who serve the Polish state were equipped with comfortable boots and didn't have to buy basic personal equipment online. Unfortunately, for 8 years of your rule, nothing was done about this. A year and a half of the Civic Platform government with changes has passed, and Polish soldiers still haven't received comfortable boots. Mr. Chairman, Mr. Marshal, to Mr. Marshal Hołownia. I hope that no matter how this presidential race ends, we will be able to cooperate. But do you agree with the statement that our security must be based on two pillars? Good relations within the North Atlantic Alliance and with the United States, and our leadership role in the European Union, and that we will be treated as partners by the United States if we are strong in the EU. The answer is very simple. Mr. Maciej, they should not be our friends and allies. Those who violate international law, those who pursue imperial policy, those who violate the sacred principle of non-aggression in international relations. If you are looking for a sympathizer of your, of Kremlin sympathies, you will not find him in me. No. We are talking about international relations. Perhaps we can understand from this that we were supposed to talk about that. Rebuttal. Szymon, about listening to voices. In October last year, Marcelina Zawisza, the head of our committee, wrote you a letter about MPs abusing mileage and that it needed to be curbed. How many months have passed, several, and you haven't even replied on this matter. It really just needs to be done and cut off, because people see it and when they see it, it makes them sick. Ladies and gentlemen, 20 years ago, Tusk and Kaczyński took all of us hostage, and for 20 years they have quite effectively convinced us that their war is the most important, and that their mutual hatred is the most important. And then one or the other takes power, and each time we are at a standstill, that nothing will change, that we cannot afford more, that we are still a developing country. In these elections, there are two groups of candidates. There are candidates blessed by Tusk. He blessed Mr. Hołownia, Madam Speaker Biejat, and of course Mr. Trzaskowski, who in his vision is to win the elections. There are also, as is known, candidates for whom Jarosław Kaczyński is rooting. One can pursue politics in Poland in such a way as to join one or the other of these arrangements. This is, of course, personally profitable, convenient, and easy, but then it perpetuates this whole pathology. Marshal Hołownia asked me what connects me to this boy who came to this studio 10 years ago to say that we can afford more, because I still believe in it, Marshal, unlike you, I have not given up on this matter. I believe that a different politics, a politics in the interest of millions of workers, not in the interest of millionaires, is possible, that we can have a Poland where healthcare works, not one where older people die in increasingly long queues. That we can have a Poland where housing is accessible to working people, not just to millionaires. That we can have a Poland without cronyism and the plundering of public property by those who are currently in power. Ladies and gentlemen, on May 18th, we can send Tusk and Kaczyński into retirement, it's high time. Thank you.